Exam : SAA-C03
Title : Amazon AWS Certified
Solutions Architect - Associate
(SAA-C03) Exam
Vendor : Amazon
Version : V14.95
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
1

NO.1 A company hosts its web application on AWS using seven Amazon EC2 instances. The company
requires that the IP addresses of all healthy EC2 instances be returned in response to DNS queries.
Which policy should be used to meet this requirement?
(A). Simple routing policy
(B). Latency routing policy
(C). Multivalue routing policy
(D). Geolocation routing policy
Answer: C

Explanation
Use a multivalue answer routing policy to help distribute DNS responses across multiple resources.
For example, use multivalue answer routing when you want to associate your routing records with a
Route 53 health check. For example, use multivalue answer routing when you need to return multiple
values for a DNS query and route traffic to multiple IP addresses.
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/multivalue-versus-simple-policies/

NO.2 A company wants to reduce the cost of its existing three-tier web architecture. The web,
application, and database servers are running on Amazon EC2 instances for the development, test,
and production environments. The EC2 instances average 30% CPU utilization during peak hours and
10% CPU utilization during non-peak hours.
The production EC2 instances run 24 hours a day. The development and test EC2 instances run for at
least 8 hours each day. The company plans to implement automation to stop the development and
test EC2 instances when they are not in use.
Which EC2 instance purchasing solution will meet the company's requirements MOST costeffectively?
(A). Use Spot Instances for the production EC2 instances. Use Reserved Instances for the
development and test EC2 instances.
(B). Use Reserved Instances for the production EC2 instances. Use On-Demand Instances for the
development and test EC2 instances.
(C). Use Spot blocks for the production EC2 instances. Use Reserved Instances for the development
and test EC2 instances.
(D). Use On-Demand Instances for the production EC2 instances. Use Spot blocks for the
development and test EC2 instances.
Answer: B

NO.3 A company hosts an application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances The application processes
messages from an Amazon SQS queue writes to an Amazon RDS table and deletes the message from
the queue Occasional duplicate records are found in the RDS table. The SQS queue does not contain
any duplicate messages.
What should a solutions architect do to ensure messages are being processed once only?
(A). Use the CreateQueue API call to create a new queue
(B). Use the Add Permission API call to add appropriate permissions
(C). Use the ReceiveMessage API call to set an appropriate wail time
(D). Use the ChangeMessageVisibility APi call to increase the visibility timeout
Answer: D

Explanation
The visibility timeout begins when Amazon SQS returns a message. During this time, the consumer
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
2
processes and deletes the message. However, if the consumer fails before deleting the message and
your system doesn't call the DeleteMessage action for that message before the visibility timeout
expires, the message becomes visible to other consumers and the message is received again. If a
message must be received only once, your consumer should delete it within the duration of the
visibility timeout.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-visibilitytimeout.html Keyword: SQS queue writes to an Amazon RDS From this, Option D best suite &amp;
other Options ruled out
[Option A - You can't intruduce one more Queue in the existing one; Option B - only Permission &amp
; Option C - Only Retrieves Messages] FIF O queues are designed to never introduce duplicate
messages.
However, your message producer might introduce duplicates in certain scenarios: for example, if the
producer sends a message, does not receive a response, and then resends the same message.
Amazon SQS APIs provide deduplication functionality that prevents your message producer from
sending duplicates. Any duplicates introduced by the message producer are removed within a 5-
minute deduplication interval. For standard queues, you might occasionally receive a duplicate copy
of a message (at-least- once delivery). If you use a standard queue, you must design your applications
to be idempotent (that is, they must not be affected adversely when processing the same message
more than once).

NO.4 A company needs to migrate a legacy application from an on-premises data center to the AWS
Cloud because of hardware capacity constraints. The application runs 24 hours a day. & days a week,.
The application database storage continues to grow over time.
What should a solution architect do to meet these requirements MOST cost-affectivity?
(A). Migrate the application layer to Amazon FC2 Spot Instances Migrate the data storage layer to
Amazon S3.
(B). Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances Migrate the data storage layer
to Amazon RDS On-Demand Instances.
(C). Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 Reserved instances Migrate the data storage layer
to Amazon Aurora Reserved Instances.
(D). Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 On Demand Amazon Migrate the data storage layer
to Amazon RDS Reserved instances.
Answer: C

NO.5 A company wants to run applications in containers in the AWS Cloud. These applications are
stateless and can tolerate disruptions within the underlying infrastructure. The company needs a
solution that minimizes cost and operational overhead.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Use Spot Instances in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to run the application containers.
(B). Use Spot Instances in an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) managed node group.
(C). Use On-Demand Instances in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to run the application
containers.
(D). Use On-Demand Instances in an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) managed node
group.
Answer: A

Explanation
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
3
https://aws.amazon.com/cn/blogs/compute/cost-optimization-and-resilience-eks-with-spotinstances/

NO.6 A business's backup data totals 700 terabytes (TB) and is kept in network attached storage
(NAS) at its data center. This backup data must be available in the event of occasional regulatory
inquiries and preserved for a period of seven years. The organization has chosen to relocate its
backup data from its on-premises data center to Amazon Web Services (AWS). Within one month,
the migration must be completed. The company's public internet connection provides 500 Mbps of
dedicated capacity for data transport.
What should a solutions architect do to ensure that data is migrated and stored at the LOWEST
possible cost?
(A). Order AWS Snowball devices to transfer the data. Use a lifecycle policy to transition the files to
Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
(B). Deploy a VPN connection between the data center and Amazon VPC. Use the AWS CLI to copy
the data from on premises to Amazon S3 Glacier.
(C). Provision a 500 Mbps AWS Direct Connect connection and transfer the data to Amazon S3. Use a
lifecycle policy to transition the files to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
(D). Use AWS DataSync to transfer the data and deploy a DataSync agent on premises. Use the
DataSync task to copy files from the on-premises NAS storage to Amazon S3 Glacier.
Answer: A

Explanation
https://www.omnicalculator.com/other/data-transfer

NO.7 An application development team is designing a microservice that will convert large images to
smaller, compressed images. When a user uploads an image through the web interface, the
microservice should store the image in an Amazon S3 bucket, process and compress the image with
an AWS Lambda function, and store the image in its compressed form in a different S3 bucket.
A solutions architect needs to design a solution that uses durable, stateless components to process
the images automatically.
Which combination of actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
(A). Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue Configure the S3 bucket to send a
notification to the SQS queue when an image is uploaded to the S3 bucket
(B). Configure the Lambda function to use the Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue as
the invocation source When the SQS message is successfully processed, delete the message in the
queue
(C). Configure the Lambda function to monitor the S3 bucket for new uploads When an uploaded
image is detected write the file name to a text file in memory and use the text file to keep track of
the images that were processed
(D). Launch an Amazon EC2 instance to monitor an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
queue When items are added to the queue log the file name in a text file on the EC2 instance and
invoke the Lambda function
(E). Configure an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) event to monitor the S3 bucket
When an image is uploaded. send an alert to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
topic with the application owner's email address for further processing
Answer: A,B

Explanation
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
4
* Creating an Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) queue and configuring the S3 bucket to send a
notification to the SQS queue when an image is uploaded to the S3 bucket will ensure that the
Lambda function is triggered in a stateless and durable manner.
* Configuring the Lambda function to use the SQS queue as the invocation source, and deleting the
message in the queue after it is successfully processed will ensure that the Lambda function
processes the image in a stateless and durable manner.
Amazon SQS is a fully managed message queuing service that enables you to decouple and scale
microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications. SQS eliminates the complexity and
overhead associated with managing and operating-message oriented middleware, and empowers
developers to focus on differentiating work. When new images are uploaded to the S3 bucket, SQS
will trigger the Lambda function to process the image and compress it. Once the image is processed,
the SQS message is deleted, ensuring that the Lambda function is stateless and durable.

NO.8 A company has a large dataset for its online advertising business stored in an Amazon RDS for
MySQL DB instance in a single Availability Zone. The company wants business reporting queries to
run without impacting the write operations to the production DB instance.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Deploy RDS read replicas to process the business reporting queries.
(B). Scale out the DB instance horizontally by placing it behind an Elastic Load Balancer
(C). Scale up the DB instance to a larger instance type to handle write operations and queries
(D). Deploy the OB distance in multiple Availability Zones to process the business reporting queries
Answer: C

NO.9 A company is building an ecommerce web application on AWS. The application sends
information about new orders to an Amazon API Gateway REST API to process. The company wants
to ensure that orders are processed in the order that they are received.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Use an API Gateway integration to publish a message to an Amazon Simple Notification Service
(Amazon SNS) topic when the application receives an order. Subscribe an AWS Lambda function to
the topic to perform processing.
(B). Use an API Gateway integration to send a message to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon
SQS) FIFO queue when the application receives an order. Configure the SQS FIFO queue to invoke an
AWS Lambda function for processing.
(C). Use an API Gateway authorizer to block any requests while the application processes an order.
(D). Use an API Gateway integration to send a message to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon
SQS) standard queue when the application receives an order. Configure the SQS standard queue to
invoke an AWS Lambda function for processing.
Answer: B

NO.10 A company needs to export its database once a day to Amazon S3 for other teams to access.
The exported object size vanes between 2 GB and 5 GB. The S3 access pattern for the data is variable
and changes rapidly.
The data must be immediately available and must remain accessible for up to 3 months. The
company needs the most cost-effective solution that will not increase retrieval time Which S3 storage
class should the company use to meet these requirements?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
5
Answer: D

Explanation
S3 Intelligent-Tiering is a cost-optimized storage class that automatically moves data to the most
cost-effective access tier based on changing access patterns. Although it offers cost savings, it also
introduces additional latency and retrieval time into the data retrieval process, which may not meet
the requirement of "immediately available" data. On the other hand, S3 Standard-Infrequent Access
(S3 Standard-IA) provides low cost storage with low latency and high throughput performance. It is
designed for infrequently accessed data that can be recreated if lost, and can be retrieved in a timely
manner if required. It is a cost-effective solution that meets the requirement of immediately available
data and remains accessible for up to 3 months.

NO.11 A company has more than 5 TB of file data on Windows file servers that run on premises
Users and applications interact with the data each day The company is moving its Windows
workloads to AWS. As the company continues this process, the company requires access to AWS and
on-premises file storage with minimum latency The company needs a solution that minimizes
operational overhead and requires no significant changes to the existing file access patterns. The
company uses an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection for connectivity to AWS What should a solutions
architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Deploy and configure Amazon FSx for Windows File Server on AWS. Move the on-premises file
data to FSx for Windows File Server. Reconfigure the workloads to use FSx for Windows File Server on
AWS.
(B). Deploy and configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway on premises Move the on-premises file data to
the S3 File Gateway Reconfigure the on-premises workloads and the cloud workloads to use the S3
File Gateway
(C). Deploy and configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway on premises Move the on-premises file data to
Amazon S3 Reconfigure the workloads to use either Amazon S3 directly or the S3 File Gateway,
depending on each workload's location
(D). Deploy and configure Amazon FSx for Windows File Server on AWS Deploy and configure an
Amazon FSx File Gateway on premises Move the on-premises file data to the FSx File Gateway
Configure the cloud workloads to use FSx for Windows File Server on AWS Configure the on-premises
workloads to use the FSx File Gateway
Answer: D

NO.12 A company recently announced the deployment of its retail website to a global audience. The
website runs on multiple Amazon EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancer. The instances run in
an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones.
The company wants to provide its customers with different versions of content based on the devices
that the customers use to access the website.
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose
two.)
(A). Configure Amazon CloudFront to cache multiple versions of the content.
(B). Configure a host header in a Network Load Balancer to forward traffic to different instances.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
6
(C). Configure a Lambda@Edge function to send specific objects to users based on the User-Agent
header.
(D). Configure AWS Global Accelerator. Forward requests to a Network Load Balancer (NLB).
Configure the NLB to set up host-based routing to different EC2 instances.
(E). Configure AWS Global Accelerator. Forward requests to a Network Load Balancer (NLB).
Configure the NLB to set up path-based routing to different EC2 instances.
Answer: A,C

Explanation
For C: IMPROVED USER EXPERIENCE Lambda@Edge can help improve your users' experience with
your websites and web applications across the world, by letting you personalize content for them
without sacrificing performance. Real-time Image Transformation You can customize your users'
experience by transforming images on the fly based on the user characteristics. For example, you can
resize images based on the viewer's device type-mobile, desktop, or tablet. You can also cache the
transformed images at CloudFront Edge locations to further improve performance when delivering
images. https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/edge/

NO.13 A company has a popular gaming platform running on AWS. The application is sensitive to
latency because latency can impact the user experience and introduce unfair advantages to some
players. The application is deployed in every AWS Region. It runs on Amazon EC2 instances that are
part of Auto Scaling groups configured behind Application Load Balancers (ALBs). A solutions
architect needs to implement a mechanism to monitor the health of the application and redirect
traffic to healthy endpoints.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Configure an accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator. Add a listener for the port that the
application listens on, and attach it to a Regional endpoint in each Region. Add the ALB as the
endpoint.
(B). Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution and specify the ALB as the origin server. Configure the
cache behavior to use origin cache headers. Use AWS Lambda functions to optimize the traffic.
(C). Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution and specify Amazon S3 as the origin server. Configure
the cache behavior to use origin cache headers. Use AWS Lambda functions to optimize the traffic.
(D). Configure an Amazon DynamoDB database to serve as the data store for the application. Create a
DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster to act as the in-memory cache for DynamoDB hosting the
application data.
Answer: A

Explanation
AWS Global Accelerator directs traffic to the optimal healthy endpoint based on health checks, it can
also route traffic to the closest healthy endpoint based on geographic location of the client. By
configuring an accelerator and attaching it to a Regional endpoint in each Region, and adding the ALB
as the endpoint, the solution will redirect traffic to healthy endpoints, improving the user experience
by reducing latency and ensuring that the application is running optimally. This solution will ensure
that traffic is directed to the closest healthy endpoint and will help to improve the overall user
experience.

NO.14 A company has launched an Amazon RDS for MySQL D6 instance Most of the connections to
the database come from serverless applications. Application traffic to the database changes
significantly at random intervals At limes of high demand, users report that their applications
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
7
experience database connection rejection errors.
Which solution will resolve this issue with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Create a proxy in RDS Proxy Configure the users' applications to use the DB instance through RDS
Proxy
(B). Deploy Amazon ElastCache for Memcached between the users' application and the DB instance
(C). Migrate the DB instance to a different instance class that has higher I/O capacity. Configure the
users' applications to use the new DB instance.
(D). Configure Multi-AZ for the DB instance Configure the users' application to switch between the DB
instances.
Answer: A

NO.15 A company has a web application hosted over 10 Amazon EC2 instances with traffic directed
by Amazon Route 53. The company occasionally experiences a timeout error when attempting to
browse the application.
The networking team finds that some DNS queries return IP addresses of unhealthy instances,
resulting in the timeout error.
What should a solutions architect implement to overcome these timeout errors?
(A). Create a Route 53 simple routing policy record for each EC2 instance. Associate a health check
with each record.
(B). Create a Route 53 failover routing policy record for each EC2 instance. Associate a health check
with each record.
(C). Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with EC2 instances as its origin. Associate a health
check with the EC2 instances.
(D). Create an Application Load Balancer (ALB) with a health check in front of the EC2 instances.
Route to the ALB from Route 53.
Answer: D

Explanation
An Application Load Balancer (ALB) allows you to distribute incoming traffic across multiple backend
instances, and can automatically route traffic to healthy instances while removing traffic from
unhealthy instances. By using an ALB in front of the EC2 instances and routing traffic to it from Route
53, the load balancer can perform health checks on the instances and only route traffic to healthy
instances, which should help to reduce or eliminate timeout errors caused by unhealthy instances.

NO.16 A company wants to migrate its 1 PB on-premises image repository to AWS. The images will
be used by a serverless web application Images stored in the repository are rarely accessed, but they
must be immediately available Additionally, the images must be encrypted at rest and protected
from accidental deletion Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Implement client-side encryption and store the images in an Amazon S3 Glacier vault Set a vault
lock to prevent accidental deletion
(B). Store the images in an Amazon S3 bucket in the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
storage class Enable versioning default encryption and MFA Delete on the S3 bucket.
(C). Store the images in an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file share Configure the Amazon FSx
file share to use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer master key (CMK) to encrypt
the images in the file share Use NTFS permission sets on the images to prevent accidental deletion
(D). Store the images in an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file share in the Infrequent
Access storage class Configure the EFS file share to use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
8
customer master key (CMK) to encrypt the images in the file share. Use NFS permission sets on the
images to prevent accidental deletion
Answer: B

NO.17 A company is designing an application where users upload small files into Amazon S3. After a
user uploads a file, the file requires one-time simple processing to transform the data and save the
data in JSON format for later analysis.
Each file must be processed as quickly as possible after it is uploaded. Demand will vary. On some
days, users will upload a high number of files. On other days, users will upload a few files or no files.
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Configure Amazon EMR to read text files from Amazon S3. Run processing scripts to transform
the data. Store the resulting JSON file in an Amazon Aurora DB cluster.
(B). Configure Amazon S3 to send an event notification to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon
SQS) queue. Use Amazon EC2 instances to read from the queue and process the data. Store the
resulting JSON file in Amazon DynamoDB.
(C). Configure Amazon S3 to send an event notification to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon
SQS) queue. Use an AWS Lambda function to read from the queue and process the data. Store the
resulting JSON file in Amazon DynamoDB. Most Voted
(D). Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to send an event to Amazon Kinesis
Data Streams when a new file is uploaded. Use an AWS Lambda function to consume the event from
the stream and process the data. Store the resulting JSON file in Amazon Aurora DB cluster.
Answer: C

Explanation
Amazon S3 sends event notifications about S3 buckets (for example, object created, object removed,
or object restored) to an SNS topic in the same Region.
The SNS topic publishes the event to an SQS queue in the central Region.
The SQS queue is configured as the event source for your Lambda function and buffers the event
messages for the Lambda function.
The Lambda function polls the SQS queue for messages and processes the Amazon S3 event
notifications according to your application's requirements.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/subscribe-a-lambda-functionto-event-notifica

NO.18 A company recently created a disaster recovery site in a Different AWS Region.The company
needs to transfer large amounts of data back and forth between NFS file systems in the two Regions
on a periods.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Use AWS DataSync.
(B). Use AWS Snowball devices
(C). Set up an SFTP server on Amazon EC2
(D). Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
Answer: A

NO.19 A company has a Windows-based application that must be migrated to AWS. The application
requires the use of a shared Windows file system attached to multiple Amazon EC2 Windows
instances that are deployed across multiple Availability Zones.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
9
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?
(A). Configure AWS Storage Gateway in volume gateway mode. Mount the volume to each Windows
instance.
(B). Configure Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. Mount the Amazon FSx file system to each
Windows instance.
(C). Configure a file system by using Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). Mount the EFS file
system to each Windows instance.
(D). Configure an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume with the required size. Attach
each EC2 instance to the volume. Mount the file system within the volume to each Windows
instance.
Answer: B

NO.20 A company has a three-tier application on AWS that ingests sensor data from its users'
devices The traffic flows through a Network Load Balancer (NLB) then to Amazon EC2 instances for
the web tier and finally to EC2 instances for the application tier The application tier makes calls to a
database What should a solutions architect do to improve the security of the data in transit?
Answer: A

Explanation
The best option to improve the security of the data in transit is to configure a TLS listener and deploy
the server certificate on the NLB. This will ensure that the data is encrypted and secure as it travels
through the network. Additionally, you could also configure AWS Shield Advanced and enable AWS
WAF on the NLB to further protect the network from malicious attacks. Alternatively, you could also
change the load balancer to an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and enable AWS WAF on the ALB.
Finally, you could also encrypt the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume on the EC2
instances by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS).
You must specify an SSL certificate for a TLS listener. The load balancer uses the certificate to
terminate the connection and decrypt requests from clients before routing them to targets.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/create-listener.html

NO.21 An application that is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances needs to access an Amazon S3 bucket
Traffic must not traverse the internet How should a solutions architect configure access to meet
these requirements?
(A). Create a private hosted zone by using Amazon Route 53
(B). Set up a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPC
(C). Configure the EC2 instances to use a NAT gateway to access the S3 bucket
(D). Establish an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection between the VPC and the S3 bucket
Answer: B

NO.22 A company is hosting a three-tier ecommerce application in the AWS Cloud. The company
hosts the website on Amazon S3 and integrates the website with an API that handles sales requests.
The company hosts the API on three Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
10
(ALB). The API consists of static and dynamic front-end content along with backend workers that
process sales requests asynchronously.
The company is expecting a significant and sudden increase in the number of sales requests during
events for the launch of new products What should a solutions architect recommend to ensure that
all the requests are processed successfully?
(A). Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the dynamic content. Increase the number of EC2
instances to handle the increase in traffic.
(B). Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the static content. Place the EC2 instances in an Auto
Scaling group to launch new instances based on network traffic.
(C). Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the dynamic content. Add an Amazon ElastiCache
instance in front of the ALB to reduce traffic for the API to handle.
(D). Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the static content. Add an Amazon Simple Queue
Service (Amazon SOS) queue to receive requests from the website for later processing by the EC2
instances.
Answer: D

NO.23 What should a solutions architect do to ensure that all objects uploaded to an Amazon S3
bucket are encrypted?
(A). Update the bucket policy to deny if the PutObject does not have an s3 x-amz-acl header set
(B). Update the bucket policy to deny if the PutObject does not have an s3:x-amz-aci header set to
private.
(C). Update the bucket policy to deny if the PutObject does not have an aws SecureTransport header
set to true
(D). Update the bucket policy to deny if the PutObject does not have an x-amz-server-side-encryption
header set.
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-prevent-uploads-of-unencrypted-objects-toamazon-s3/#:~:text=S

NO.24 A company provides an API to its users that automates inquiries for tax computations based
on item prices.
The company experiences a larger number of inquiries during the holiday season only that cause
slower response times. A solutions architect needs to design a solution that is scalable and elastic.
What should the solutions architect do to accomplish this?
(A). Provide an API hosted on an Amazon EC2 instance. The EC2 instance performs the required
computations when the API request is made.
(B). Design a REST API using Amazon API Gateway that accepts the item names. API Gateway passes
item names to AWS Lambda for tax computations.
(C). Create an Application Load Balancer that has two Amazon EC2 instances behind it. The EC2
instances will compute the tax on the received item names.
(D). Design a REST API using Amazon API Gateway that connects with an API hosted on an Amazon
EC2 instance. API Gateway accepts and passes the item names to the EC2 instance for tax
computations.
Answer: B

Explanation
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
11
Lambda server-less is scalable and elastic than EC2 api gateway solution

NO.25 At part of budget planning. management wants a report of AWS billed dams listed by user.
The data will be used to create department budgets. A solution architect needs to determine the
most efficient way to obtain this report Information Which solution meets these requirement?
(A). Access the bill details from the runing dashboard and download Via bill.
(B). Create a report in Cost Explorer and download the report
(C). Run a query with Amazon Athena to generate the report.
(D). Modify a cost budget in AWS Budgets to alert with Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES).
Answer: B

NO.26 A company stores call transcript files on a monthly basis. Users access the files randomly
within 1 year of the call, but users access the files infrequently after 1 year. The company wants to
optimize its solution by giving users the ability to query and retrieve files that are less than 1-year-old
as quickly as possible. A delay in retrieving older files is acceptable.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Store individual files with tags in Amazon S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval. Query the tags to retrieve
the files from S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval.
(B). Store individual files in Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move the files to
S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 1 year. Query and retrieve the files that are in Amazon S3 by using
Amazon Athena. Query and retrieve the files that are in S3 Glacier by using S3 Glacier Select.
(C). Store individual files with tags in Amazon S3 Standard storage. Store search metadata for each
archive in Amazon S3 Standard storage. Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move the files to S3 Glacier
Instant Retrieval after 1 year. Query and retrieve the files by searching for metadata from Amazon S3
.
(D). Store individual files in Amazon S3 Standard storage. Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move the files to
S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year. Store search metadata in Amazon RDS. Query the files from
Amazon RDS. Retrieve the files from S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
Answer: B

Explanation
"For archive data that needs immediate access, such as medical images, news media assets, or
genomics data, choose the S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval storage class, an archive storage class that
delivers the lowest cost storage with milliseconds retrieval. For archive data that does not require
immediate access but needs the flexibility to retrieve large sets of data at no cost, such as backup or
disaster recovery use cases, choose S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval (formerly S3 Glacier), with retrieval in
minutes or free bulk retrievals in 5-12 hours."
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2021/11/amazon-s3-glacier-instant-retrievalstorage-class/

NO.27 A company sells ringtones created from clips of popular songs. The files containing the
ringtones are stored in Amazon S3 Standard and are at least 128 KB in size. The company has millions
of files, but downloads are infrequent for ringtones older than 90 days. The company needs to save
money on storage while keeping the most accessed files readily available for its users.
Which action should the company take to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Configure S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage for the initial storage tier of
the objects.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
12
(B). Move the files to S3 Intelligent-Tiering and configure it to move objects to a less expensive
storage tier after 90 days.
(C). Configure S3 inventory to manage objects and move them to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3
Standard-1A) after 90 days.
(D). Implement an S3 Lifecycle policy that moves the objects from S3 Standard to S3 StandardInfrequent Access (S3 Standard-1A) after 90 days.
Answer: D

NO.28 An ecommerce company is running a multi-tier application on AWS. The front-end and
backend tiers run on Amazon EC2, and the database runs on Amazon RDS for MYSQL. The backend
tier communities with the RDS instance. There are frequent calls to return identical database from
the database that are causing performance slowdowns.
Which action should be taken to improve the performance of the backend?
(A). Implement Amazon SNS to store the database calls.
(B). Implement Amazon ElasticCache to cache the large database.
(C). Implement an RDS for MySQL read replica to cache database calls.
(D). Implement Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to stream the calls to the database.
Answer: B

NO.29 A solution architect is designing a company's disaster recovery (DR) architecture. The
company has a MySQL database that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance in a private subnet with
scheduled backup. The DR design to include multiple AWS Regions.
Which solution will meet these requiements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Migrate the MySQL database to multiple EC2 instances. Configure a standby EC2 instance in the
DR Region Turn on replication.
(B). Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS. Use a Multi-AZ deployment. Turn on read
replication for the primary DB instance in the different Availability Zones.
(C). Migrate the MySQL database to an Amazon Aurora global database. Host the primary DB cluster
in the primary Region. Host the secondary DB cluster in the DR Region.
(D). Store the schedule backup of the MySQL database in an Amazon S3 bucket that is configured for
S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR). Use the data backup to restore the database in the DR Region.
Answer: C

NO.30 A company wants to use the AWS Cloud to make an existing application highly available and
resilient. The current version of the application resides in the company's data center. The application
recently experienced data loss after a database server crashed because of an unexpected power
outage.
The company needs a solution that avoids any single points of failure. The solution must give the
application the ability to scale to meet user demand.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
13
Answer: A

NO.31 A company is deploying a new application on Amazon EC2 instances. The application writes
data to Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. The company needs to ensure that all
data that is written to the EBS volumes is encrypted at rest.
Which solution wil meet this requirement?
(A). Create an IAM role that specifies EBS encryption. Attach the role to the EC2 instances.
(B). Create the EBS volumes as encrypted volumes Attach the EBS volumes to the EC2 instances.
(C). Create an EC2 instance tag that has a key of Encrypt and a value of True. Tag all instances that
require encryption at the ESS level.
(D). Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key policy that enforces EBS encryption in
the account Ensure that the key policy is active.
Answer: B

NO.32 A company must migrate 20 TB of data from a data center to the AWS Cloud within 30 days.
The company's network bandwidth is limited to 15 Mbps and cannot exceed 70% utilization. What
should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Use AWS Snowball.
(B). Use AWS DataSync.
(C). Use a secure VPN connection.
(D). Use Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration.
Answer: A

Explanation
AWS Snowball is a secure data transport solution that accelerates moving large amounts of data into
and out of the AWS cloud. It can move up to 80 TB of data at a time, and provides a network
bandwidth of up to 50 Mbps, so it is well-suited for the task. Additionally, it is secure and easy to use,
making it the ideal solution for this migration.

NO.33 A company is developing a new mobile app. The company must implement proper traffic
filtering to protect its Application Load Balancer (ALB) against common application-level attacks, such
as cross-site scripting or SQL injection. The company has minimal infrastructure and operational staff.
The company needs to reduce its share of the responsibility in managing, updating, and securing
servers for its AWS environment.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
(A). Configure AWS WAF rules and associate them with the ALB.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
14
(B). Deploy the application using Amazon S3 with public hosting enabled.
(C). Deploy AWS Shield Advanced and add the ALB as a protected resource.
(D). Create a new ALB that directs traffic to an Amazon EC2 instance running a third-party firewall,
which then passes the traffic to the current ALB.
Answer: A

Explanation
A solutions architect should recommend option A, which is to configure AWS WAF rules and associate
them with the ALB. This will allow the company to apply traffic filtering at the application layer, which
is necessary for protecting the ALB against common application-level attacks such as cross-site
scripting or SQL injection. AWS WAF is a managed service that makes it easy to protect web
applications from common web exploits that could affect application availability, compromise
security, or consume excessive resources. The company can easily manage and update the rules to
ensure the security of its application.

NO.34 A company hosts a two-tier application on Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon RDS. The
application's demand varies based on the time of day. The load is minimal after work hours and on
weekends. The EC2 instances run in an EC2 Auto Scaling group that is configured with a minimum of
two instances and a maximum of five instances. The application must be available at all times, but
the company is concerned about overall cost.
Which solution meets the availability requirement MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Use all EC2 Spot Instances. Stop the RDS database when it is not in use.
(B). Purchase EC2 Instance Savings Plans to cover five EC2 instances. Purchase an RDS Reserved DB
Instance
(C). Purchase two EC2 Reserved Instances Use up to three additional EC2 Spot Instances as needed.
Stop the RDS database when it is not in use.
(D). Purchase EC2 Instance Savings Plans to cover two EC2 instances. Use up to three additional EC2
On-Demand Instances as needed. Purchase an RDS Reserved DB Instance.
Answer: D

NO.35 A solution architect must create a disaster recovery (DR) plan for a high-volume software as a
service (SaaS) platform. All data for the platform is stored in an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster.
The DR plan must replcate data to a secondary AWS Region.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
Use MySQL binary log replication to an Aurora cluster
(A). Use MySQL binary log replication to an Aurora cluster in the secondary Region Provision one DB
instance for the Aurora cluster in the secondary Region.
(B). Set up an Aurora global database for the DB cluster. When setup is complete, remove the DB
instance from the secondary Region.
(C). Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS QMS) to continuously replicate data to an Aurora
cluster in the secondary Region Remove theDB instance from the secondary Region.
(D). Set up an Aurora global database for the DB cluster Specify a minimum of one DB instance in the
secondary Region
Answer: D

NO.36 A company needs to transfer 600 TB of data from its on-premises network-attached storage
(NAS) system to the AWS Cloud. The data transfer must be complete within 2 weeks. The data is
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
15
sensitive and must be encrypted in transit. The company's internet connection can support an upload
speed of 100 Mbps.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Use Amazon S3 multi-part upload functionality to transfer the fees over HTTPS
(B). Create a VPN connection between the on-premises NAS system and the nearest AWS Region
Transfer the data over the VPN connection
(C). Use the AWS Snow Family console to order several AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized
devices Use the devices to transfer the data to Amazon S3.
(D). Set up a 10 Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection between the company location and (he nearest
AWS Region Transfer the data over a VPN connection into the Region to store the data in Amazon S3
Answer: D

NO.37 A solutions architect needs to help a company optimize the cost of running an application on
AWS. The application will use Amazon EC2 instances, AWS Fargate, and AWS Lambda for compute
within the architecture.
The EC2 instances will run the data ingestion layer of the application. EC2 usage will be sporadic and
unpredictable. Workloads that run on EC2 instances can be interrupted at any time. The application
front end will run on Fargate, and Lambda will serve the API layer. The front-end utilization and API
layer utilization will be predictable over the course of the next year.
Which combination of purchasing options will provide the MOST cost-effective solution for hosting
this application? (Choose two.)
(A). Use Spot Instances for the data ingestion layer
(B). Use On-Demand Instances for the data ingestion layer
(C). Purchase a 1-year Compute Savings Plan for the front end and API layer.
(D). Purchase 1-year All Upfront Reserved instances for the data ingestion layer.
(E). Purchase a 1-year EC2 instance Savings Plan for the front end and API layer.
Answer: A,C

NO.38 A company needs the ability to analyze the log files of its proprietary application. The logs are
stored in JSON format in an Amazon S3 bucket Queries will be simple and will run on-demand A
solutions architect needs to perform the analysis with minimal changes to the existing architecture
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of
operational overhead?
(A). Use Amazon Redshift to load all the content into one place and run the SQL queries as needed
(B). Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to store the logs Run SQL queries as needed from the Amazon
CloudWatch console
(C). Use Amazon Athena directly with Amazon S3 to run the queries as needed
(D). Use AWS Glue to catalog the logs Use a transient Apache Spark cluster on Amazon EMR to run
the SQL queries as needed
Answer: C

Explanation
Amazon Athena can be used to query JSON in S3

NO.39 A solutions architect needs to securely store a database user name and password that an
application uses to access an Amazon RDS DB instance. The application that accesses the database
runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The solutions architect wants to create a secure parameter in AWS
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
16
Systems Manager Parameter Store.
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement?
(A). Create an IAM role that has read access to the Parameter Store parameter. Allow Decrypt access
to an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key that is used to encrypt the parameter. Assign
this IAM role to the EC2 instance.
(B). Create an IAM policy that allows read access to the Parameter Store parameter. Allow Decrypt
access to an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key that is used to encrypt the parameter.
Assign this IAM policy to the EC2 instance.
(C). Create an IAM trust relationship between the Parameter Store parameter and the EC2 instance.
Specify Amazon RDS as a principal in the trust policy.
(D). Create an IAM trust relationship between the DB instance and the EC2 instance. Specify Systems
Manager as a principal in the trust policy.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_aws-services-that-work-withiam.html

NO.40 A solutions architect observes that a nightly batch processing job is automatically scaled up
for 1 hour before the desired Amazon EC2 capacity is reached. The peak capacity is the 'same every
night and the batch jobs always start at 1 AM. The solutions architect needs to find a cost-effective
solution that will allow for the desired EC2 capacity to be reached quickly and allow the Auto Scaling
group to scale down after the batch jobs are complete.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
Answer: C

Explanation
By configuring scheduled scaling, the solutions architect can set the Auto Scaling group to
automatically scale up to the desired compute level at a specific time (IAM) when the batch job starts
and then automatically scale down after the job is complete. This will allow the desired EC2 capacity
to be reached quickly and also help in reducing the cost.

NO.41 A company is running a critical business application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an
Application Load Balancer The EC2 instances run in an Auto Scaling group and access an Amazon RDS
DB instance The design did not pass an operational review because the EC2 instances and the DB
instance are all located in a single Availability Zone A solutions architect must update the design to
use a second Availability Zone Which solution will make the application highly available?
(A). Provision a subnet in each Availability Zone Configure the Auto Scaling group to distribute the
EC2 instances across both Availability Zones Configure the DB instance with connections to each
network
(B). Provision two subnets that extend across both Availability Zones Configure the Auto Scaling
group to distribute the EC2 instances across both Availability Zones Configure the DB instance with
connections to each network
(C). Provision a subnet in each Availability Zone Configure the Auto Scaling group to distribute the
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
17
EC2 instances across both Availability Zones Configure the DB instance for Multi-AZ deployment
(D). Provision a subnet that extends across both Availability Zones Configure the Auto Scaling group
to distribute the EC2 instances across both Availability Zones Configure the DB instance for Multi-AZ
deployment
Answer: C

NO.42 A company is migrating a distributed application to AWS The application serves variable
workloads The legacy platform consists of a primary server trial coordinates jobs across multiple
compute nodes The company wants to modernize the application with a solution that maximizes
resiliency and scalability.
How should a solutions architect design the architecture to meet these requirements?
(A). Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue as a destination for the jobs
Implement the compute nodes with Amazon EC2 instances that are managed in an Auto Scaling
group.
Configure EC2 Auto Scaling to use scheduled scaling
(B). Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue as a destination for the jobs
Implement the compute nodes with Amazon EC2 Instances that are managed in an Auto Scaling
group Configure EC2 Auto Scaling based on the size of the queue
(C). Implement the primary server and the compute nodes with Amazon EC2 instances that are
managed In an Auto Scaling group. Configure AWS CloudTrail as a destination for the fobs Configure
EC2 Auto Scaling based on the load on the primary server
(D). implement the primary server and the compute nodes with Amazon EC2 instances that are
managed in an Auto Scaling group Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) as a
destination for the jobs Configure EC2 Auto Scaling based on the load on the compute nodes
Answer: B

NO.43 A company has an application thai runs on several Amazon EC2 instances Each EC2 instance
has multiple Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) data volumes attached to it The application's
EC2 instance configuration and data need to be backed up nightly The application also needs to be
recoverable in a different AWS Region Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST
operationally efficient way?
(A). Write an AWS Lambda function that schedules nightly snapshots of the application's EBS volumes
and copies the snapshots to a different Region
(B). Create a backup plan by using AWS Backup to perform nightly backups. Copy the backups to
another Region Add the application's EC2 instances as resources
(C). Create a backup plan by using AWS Backup to perform nightly backups Copy the backups to
another Region Add the application's EBS volumes as resources
(D). Write an AWS Lambda function that schedules nightly snapshots of the application's EBS volumes
and copies the snapshots to a different Availability Zone
Answer: B

Explanation
The most operationally efficient solution to meet these requirements would be to create a backup
plan by using AWS Backup to perform nightly backups and copying the backups to another Region.
Adding the application's EBS volumes as resources will ensure that the application's EC2 instance
configuration and data are backed up, and copying the backups to another Region will ensure that
the application is recoverable in a different AWS Region.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
18

NO.44 A company needs a backup strategy for its three-tier stateless web application The web
application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group with a dynamic scaling policy that
is configured to respond to scaling events The database tier runs on Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL The
web application does not require temporary local storage on the EC2 instances The company's
recovery point objective (RPO) is 2 hours The backup strategy must maximize scalability and optimize
resource utilization for this environment Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Take snapshots of Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes of the EC2 instances and
database every 2 hours to meet the RPO
(B). Configure a snapshot lifecycle policy to take Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots
Enable automated backups in Amazon RDS to meet the RPO
(C). Retain the latest Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) of the web and application tiers Enable
automated backups in Amazon RDS and use point-in-time recovery to meet the RPO
(D). Take snapshots of Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes of the EC2 instances every 2
hours Enable automated backups in Amazon RDS and use point-in-time recovery to meet the RPO
Answer: D

NO.45 A company uses a legacy application to produce data in CSV format The legacy application
stores the output data In Amazon S3 The company is deploying a new commercial off-the-shelf
(COTS) application that can perform complex SQL queries to analyze data that is stored Amazon
Redshift and Amazon S3 only However the COTS application cannot process the csv files that the
legacy application produces The company cannot update the legacy application to produce data in
another format The company needs to implement a solution so that the COTS application can use the
data that the legacy applicator produces.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Create a AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job that runs on a schedule. Configure the
ETL job to process the .csv files and store the processed data in Amazon Redshit.
(B). Develop a Python script that runs on Amazon EC2 instances to convert the. csv files to sql files
invoke the Python script on cron schedule to store the output files in Amazon S3.
(C). Create an AWS Lambda function and an Amazon DynamoDB table. Use an S3 event to invoke the
Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to perform an extract transform, and load (ETL) job
to process the .csv files and store the processed data in the DynamoDB table.
(D). Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to launch an Amazon EMR cluster on a
weekly schedule. Configure the EMR cluster to perform an extract, tractform, and load (ETL) job to
process the .csv files and store the processed data in an Amazon Redshift table.
Answer: C

Explanation
According to the Amazon website, Amazon S3 Select is an Amazon S3 feature that enables
applications to retrieve only a subset of data from an object. It offers an efficient way to access data
stored in Amazon S3 and can significantly improve query performance, save money, and increase the
scalability of applications that frequently access data in S3. S3 Select allows applications to retrieve
only the data that is needed, instead of the entire object, and supports SQL expressions, CSV, and
JSON. Additionally, S3 Select can be used to query objects stored in the S3 Glacier storage class. The
exact text from the Amazon website about S3 Select is:
"Amazon S3 Select is an Amazon S3 feature that enables applications to retrieve only a subset of data
from an object. It offers an efficient way to access data stored in Amazon S3 and can significantly
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
19
improve query performance, save money, and increase the scalability of applications that frequently
access data in S3. S3 Select allows applications to retrieve only the data that is needed, instead of the
entire object, and supports SQL expressions, CSV, and JSON. Additionally, S3 Select can be used to
query objects stored in the S3 Glacier storage class."

NO.46 A company is preparing to launch a public-facing web application in the AWS Cloud. The
architecture consists of Amazon EC2 instances within a VPC behind an Elastic Load Balancer (ELB). A
third-party service is used for the DNS. The company's solutions architect must recommend a
solution to detect and protect against large-scale DDoS attacks.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Enable Amazon GuardDuty on the account.
(B). Enable Amazon Inspector on the EC2 instances.
(C). Enable AWS Shield and assign Amazon Route 53 to it.
(D). Enable AWS Shield Advanced and assign the ELB to it.
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/shield/faqs/

NO.47 A rapidly growing ecommerce company is running its workloads in a single AWS Region. A
solutions architect must create a disaster recovery (DR) strategy that includes a different AWS Region
The company wants its database to be up to date in the DR Region with the least possible latency The
remaining infrastructure in the DR Region needs to run at reduced capacity and must be able to scale
up it necessary Which solution will meet these requirements with the LOWEST recovery time
objective (RTO)?
(A). Use an Amazon Aurora global database with a pilot light deployment
(B). Use an Amazon Aurora global database with a warm standby deployment
(C). Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance with a pilot light deployment
(D). Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance with a warm standby deployment
Answer: B

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/disaster-recovery-workloads-on-aws/disasterrecovery-options-i

NO.48 A company has a Microsoft NET application that runs on an on-premises Windows Server Trie
application stores data by using an Oracle Database Standard Edition server The company is planning
a migration to AWS and wants to minimize development changes while moving the application The
AWS application environment should be highly available Which combination of actions should the
company take to meet these requirements? (Select TWO )
(A). Refactor the application as serverless with AWS Lambda functions running NET Cote
(B). Rehost the application in AWS Elastic Beanstalk with the NET platform in a Multi-AZ deployment
(C). Replatform the application to run on Amazon EC2 with the Amazon Linux Amazon Machine Image
(AMI)
(D). Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate from the Oracle database to
Amazon DynamoDB in a Multi-AZ deployment
(E). Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate from the Oracle database to Oracle
on Amazon RDS in a Multi-AZ deployment
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
20
Answer: B,E

NO.49 A company is using Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to route requests to its UDPbased application for users around the world. The application is hosted on redundant servers in the
company's on-premises data centers in the United States. Asia, and Europe. The company's
compliance requirements state that the application must be hosted on premises The company wants
to improve the performance and availability of the application What should a solutions architect do
to meet these requirements?
(A). A Configure three Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the onpremises endpoints Create an accelerator by using AWS Global Accelerator, and register the NLBs as
its endpoints. Provide access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the accelerator DNS
(B). Configure three Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the onpremises endpoints. Create an accelerator by using AWS Global Accelerator and register the ALBs as
its endpoints Provide access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the accelerator DNS
(C). Configure three Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the onpremises endpoints In Route 53. create a latency-based record that points to the three NLBs. and use
it as an origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution Provide access to the application by using a
CNAME that points to the CloudFront DNS
(D). Configure three Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the onpremises endpoints In Route 53 create a latency-based record that points to the three ALBs and use it
as an origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution- Provide access to the application by using a
CNAME that points to the CloudFront DNS
Answer: A

NO.50 A hospital wants to create digital copies for its large collection of historical written records.
The hospital will continue to add hundreds of new documents each day. The hospital's data team will
scan the documents and will upload the documents to the AWS Cloud.
A solutions architect must implement a solution to analyze the documents, extract the medical
information, and store the documents so that an application can run SQL queries on the data. The
solution must maximize scalability and operational efficiency.
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Select
TWO.)
Answer: D,E

NO.51 A company is developing a real-time multiplayer game that uses UDP for communications
between the client and servers In an Auto Scaling group Spikes in demand are anticipated during the
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
21
day, so the game server platform must adapt accordingly Developers want to store gamer scores and
other non-relational data in a database solution that will scale without intervention Which solution
should a solutions architect recommend?
(A). Use Amazon Route 53 for traffic distribution and Amazon Aurora Serverless for data storage
(B). Use a Network Load Balancer for traffic distribution and Amazon DynamoDB on-demand for data
storage
(C). Use a Network Load Balancer for traffic distribution and Amazon Aurora Global Database for data
storage
(D). Use an Application Load Balancer for traffic distribution and Amazon DynamoDB global tables for
data storage
Answer: B

NO.52 A company runs its ecommerce application on AWS. Every new order is published as a
message in a RabbitMQ queue that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance in a single Availability Zone.
These messages are processed by a different application that runs on a separate EC2 instance. This
application stores the details in a PostgreSQL database on another EC2 instance. All the EC2 instances
are in the same Availability Zone.
The company needs to redesign its architecture to provide the highest availability with the least
operational overhead.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Migrate the queue to a redundant pair (active/standby) of RabbitMQ instances on Amazon MQ.
Create a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group (or EC2 instances that host the application. Create another
Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the PostgreSQL database.
(B). Migrate the queue to a redundant pair (active/standby) of RabbitMQ instances on Amazon MQ.
Create a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the application. Migrate the
database to run on a Multi-AZ deployment of Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL.
(C). Create a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the RabbitMQ queue. Create
another Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the application. Migrate the
database to run on a Multi-AZ deployment of Amazon RDS fqjPostgreSQL.
(D). Create a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the RabbitMQ queue. Create
another Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the application. Create a third MultiAZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the PostgreSQL database.
Answer: B

NO.53 A company has an ecommerce checkout workflow that writes an order to a database and
calls a service to process the payment. Users are experiencing timeouts during the checkout process.
When users resubmit the checkout form, multiple unique orders are created for the same desired
transaction.
How should a solutions architect refactor this workflow to prevent the creation of multiple orders?
(A). Configure the web application to send an order message to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. Set
the payment service to retrieve the message from Kinesis Data Firehose and process the order.
(B). Create a rule in AWS CloudTrail to invoke an AWS Lambda function based on the logged
application path request Use Lambda to query the database, call the payment service, and pass in the
order information.
(C). Store the order in the database. Send a message that includes the order number to Amazon
Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS). Set the payment service to poll Amazon SNS. retrieve the
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
22
message, and process the order.
(D). Store the order in the database. Send a message that includes the order number to an Amazon
Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue. Set the payment service to retrieve the message
and process the order. Delete the message from the queue.
Answer: D

Explanation
This approach ensures that the order creation and payment processing steps are separate and
atomic. By sending the order information to an SQS FIFO queue, the payment service can process the
order one at a time and in the order they were received. If the payment service is unable to process
an order, it can be retried later, preventing the creation of multiple orders. The deletion of the
message from the queue after it is processed will prevent the same message from being processed
multiple times.

NO.54 An application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets. The application needs to
access an Amazon DynamoDB table. What is the MOST secure way to access the table while ensuring
that the traffic does not leave the AWS network?
(A). Use a VPC endpoint for DynamoDB.
(B). Use a NAT gateway in a public subnet.
(C). Use a NAT instance in a private subnet.
(D). Use the internet gateway attached to the VPC.
Answer: A

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/vpc-endpointsdynamodb.html A VPC endpoint for DynamoDB enables Amazon EC2 instances in your VPC to use
their private IP addresses to access DynamoDB with no exposure to the public internet. Your EC2
instances do not require public IP addresses, and you don't need an internet gateway, a NAT device,
or a virtual private gateway in your VPC.
You use endpoint policies to control access to DynamoDB. Traffic between your VPC and the AWS
service does not leave the Amazon network.

NO.55 A company hosts its web applications in the AWS Cloud. The company configures Elastic Load
Balancers to use certificate that are imported into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). The company's
security team must be notified 30 days before the expiration of each certificate.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet the requirement?
(A). Add a rule m ACM to publish a custom message to an Amazon Simple Notification Service
(Amazon SNS) topic every day beginning 30 days before any certificate will expire.
(B). Create an AWS Config rule that checks for certificates that will expire within 30 days. Configure
Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to invoke a custom alert by way of Amazon
Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) when AWS Config reports a noncompliant resource
(C). Use AWS trusted Advisor to check for certificates that will expire within to days. Create an
Amazon CloudWatch alarm that is based on Trusted Advisor metrics for check status changes
Configure the alarm to send a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple rectification Service (Amazon
SNS)
(D). Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to detect any certificates that
will expire within 30 days. Configure the rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function. Configure the
Lambda function to send a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
23
Answer: B

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/acm-certificate-expiration/

NO.56 A company offers a food delivery service that is growing rapidly. Because of the growth, the
company's order processing system is experiencing scaling problems during peak traffic hours. The
current architecture includes the following:
* A group of Amazon EC2 instances that run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to collect orders
from the application
* Another group of EC2 instances that run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to fulfill orders The
order collection process occurs quickly, but the order fulfillment process can take longer. Data must
not be lost because of a scaling event.
A solutions architect must ensure that the order collection process and the order fulfillment process
can both scale properly during peak traffic hours. The solution must optimize utilization of the
company's AWS resources.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the CPU of each instance in the Auto Scaling groups.
Configure each Auto Scaling group's minimum capacity according to peak workload values.
(B). Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the CPU of each instance in the Auto Scaling groups.
Configure a CloudWatch alarm to invoke an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic
that creates additional Auto Scaling groups on demand.
(C). Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues: one for order collection and
another for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queue. Scale the
Auto Scaling groups based on notifications that the queues send.
(D). Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues: one for order collection and
another for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queue. Create a
metric based on a backlog per instance calculation. Scale the Auto Scaling groups based on this
metric.
Answer: D

Explanation
The number of instances in your Auto Scaling group can be driven by how long it takes to process a
message and the acceptable amount of latency (queue delay). The solution is to use a backlog per
instance metric with the target value being the acceptable backlog per instance to maintain.

NO.57 A company sells datasets to customers who do research in artificial intelligence and machine
learning (Al/ML) The datasets are large, formatted files that are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket in the
us-east-1 Region The company hosts a web application that the customers use to purchase access to
a given dataset The web application is deployed on multiple Amazon EC2 instances behind an
Application Load Balancer After a purchase is made customers receive an S3 signed URL that allows
access to the files.
The customers are distributed across North America and Europe The company wants to reduce the
cost that is associated with data transfers and wants to maintain or improve performance.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Configure S3 Transfer Acceleration on the existing S3 bucket Direct customer requests to the S3
Transfer Acceleration endpoint Continue to use S3 signed URLs for access control
(B). Deploy an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the existing S3 bucket as the origin Direct
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
24
customer requests to the CloudFront URL Switch to CloudFront signed URLs for access control
(C). Set up a second S3 bucket in the eu-central-1 Region with S3 Cross-Region Replication between
the buckets Direct customer requests to the closest Region Continue to use S3 signed URLs for access
control
(D). Modify the web application to enable streaming of the datasets to end users. Configure the web
application to read the data from the existing S3 bucket Implement access control directly in the
application
Answer: B

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/PrivateContent.html

NO.58 A company has an application that is backed ny an Amazon DynamoDB table. The company's
compliance requirements specify that database backups must be taken every month, must be
available for 6 months, and must be retained for 7 years.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Create an AWS Backup plan to back up the DynamoDB table on the first day of each month.
Specify a lifecycle policy that transitions the backup to cold storage after 6 months. Set the retention
period for each backup to 7 years.
(B). Create a DynamoDB on-damand backup of the DynamoDB table on the first day of each month
Transition the backup to Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 6 months. Create an S3 Lifecycle
policy to delete backups that are older than 7 years.
(C). Use the AWS SDK to develop a script that creates an on-demand backup of the DynamoDB table.
Set up an Amzon EvenlBridge rule that runs the script on the first day of each month. Create a second
script that will run on the second day of each month to transition DynamoDB backups that are older
than 6 months to cold storage and to delete backups that are older than 7 years.
(D). Use the AWS CLI to create an on-demand backup of the DynamoDB table Set up an Amazon
EventBridge rule that runs the command on the first day of each month with a cron expression
Specify in the command to transition the backups to cold storage after 6 months and to delete the
backups after 7 years.
Answer: A

NO.59 A global company is using Amazon API Gateway to design REST APIs for its loyalty club users
in the us-east-1 Region and the ap-southeast-2 Region. A solutions architect must design a solution to
protect these API Gateway managed REST APIs across multiple accounts from SQL injection and
cross-site scripting attacks.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of administrative effort?
(A). Set up AWS WAF in both Regions. Associate Regional web ACLs with an API stage.
(B). Set up AWS Firewall Manager in both Regions. Centrally configure AWS WAF rules.
(C). Set up AWS Shield in bath Regions. Associate Regional web ACLs with an API stage.
(D). Set up AWS Shield in one of the Regions. Associate Regional web ACLs with an API stage.
Answer: A

Explanation
Using AWS WAF has several benefits. Additional protection against web attacks using criteria that
you specify. You can define criteria using characteristics of web requests such as the following:
Presence of SQL code that is likely to be malicious (known as SQL injection). Presence of a script that
is likely to be malicious (known as cross-site scripting). AWS Firewall Manager simplifies your
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
25
administration and maintenance tasks across multiple accounts and resources for a variety of
protections.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/what-is-aws-waf.html

NO.60 A company has a data ingestion workflow that includes the following components:
* An Amazon Simple Notation Service (Amazon SNS) topic that receives notifications about new data
deliveries
* An AWS Lambda function that processes and stores the data
The ingestion workflow occasionally fails because of network connectivity issues. When tenure
occurs the corresponding data is not ingested unless the company manually reruns the job. What
should a solutions architect do to ensure that all notifications are eventually processed?
Answer: A

NO.61 A company recently started using Amazon Aurora as the data store for its global ecommerce
application When large reports are run developers report that the ecommerce application is
performing poorly After reviewing metrics in Amazon CloudWatch, a solutions architect finds that the
ReadlOPS and CPUUtilization metrics are spiking when monthly reports run.
What is the MOST cost-effective solution?
(A). Migrate the monthly reporting to Amazon Redshift.
(B). Migrate the monthly reporting to an Aurora Replica
(C). Migrate the Aurora database to a larger instance class
(D). Increase the Provisioned IOPS on the Aurora instance
Answer: B

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Replication.html
#Aurora.Replication.Replicas Aurora Replicas have two main purposes. You can issue queries to them
to scale the read operations for your application. You typically do so by connecting to the reader
endpoint of the cluster. That way, Aurora can spread the load for read-only connections across as
many Aurora Replicas as you have in the cluster. Aurora Replicas also help to increase availability. If
the writer instance in a cluster becomes unavailable, Aurora automatically promotes one of the
reader instances to take its place as the new writer.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Overview.html

NO.62 A company has implemented a self-managed DNS service on AWS. The solution consists of
the following:
* Amazon EC2 instances in different AWS Regions
* Endpomts of a standard accelerator m AWS Global Accelerator
The company wants to protect the solution against DDoS attacks What should a solutions architect
do to meet this requirement?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
26
(A). Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced Add the accelerator as a resource to protect
(B). Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced Add the EC2 instances as resources to protect
(C). Create an AWS WAF web ACL that includes a rate-based rule Associate the web ACL with the
accelerator
(D). Create an AWS WAF web ACL that includes a rate-based rule Associate the web ACL with the EC2
instances
Answer: B

NO.63 A company stores its application logs in an Amazon CloudWatch Logs log group. A new policy
requires the company to store all application logs in Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon
Elasticsearch Service) in near-real time.
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Configure a CloudWatch Logs subscription to stream the logs to Amazon OpenSearch Service
(Amazon Elasticsearch Service).
(B). Create an AWS Lambda function. Use the log group to invoke the function to write the logs to
Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service).
(C). Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream. Configure the log group as the delivery
stream's source. Configure Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service) as the
delivery stream's destination.
(D). Install and configure Amazon Kinesis Agent on each application server to deliver the logs to
Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Configure Kinesis Data Streams to deliver the logs to Amazon
OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service)
Answer: B

Explanation
https://computingforgeeks.com/stream-logs-in-aws-from-cloudwatch-to-elasticsearch/

NO.64 A company has a production workload that runs on 1,000 Amazon EC2 Linux instances. The
workload is powered by third-party software. The company needs to patch the third-party software
on all EC2 instances as quickly as possible to remediate a critical security vulnerability.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Create an AWS Lambda function to apply the patch to all EC2 instances.
(B). Configure AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to apply the patch to all EC2 instances.
(C). Schedule an AWS Systems Manager maintenance window to apply the patch to all EC2 instances.
(D). Use AWS Systems Manager Run Command to run a custom command that applies the patch to
all EC2 instances.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/about-windows-apppatching.html

NO.65 A company is building a web-based application running on Amazon EC2 instances in multiple
Availability Zones. The web application will provide access to a repository of text documents totaling
about 900 TB in size. The company anticipates that the web application will experience periods of
high demand. A solutions architect must ensure that the storage component for the text documents
can scale to meet the demand of the application at all times. The company is concerned about the
overall cost of the solution.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
27
Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
(B). Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
(C). Amazon Elasticsearch Service (Amazon ES)
(D). Amazon S3
Answer: D

Explanation
Amazon S3 is cheapest and can be accessed from anywhere.

NO.66 A social media company allows users to upload images to its website. The website runs on
Amazon EC2 instances. During upload requests, the website resizes the images to a standard size and
stores the resized images in Amazon S3. Users are experiencing slow upload requests to the website.
The company needs to reduce coupling within the application and improve website performance. A
solutions architect must design the most operationally efficient process for image uploads.
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements?
(Choose two.)
(A). Configure the application to upload images to S3 Glacier.
(B). Configure the web server to upload the original images to Amazon S3.
(C). Configure the application to upload images directly from each user's browser to Amazon S3
through the use of a presigned URL.
(D). Configure S3 Event Notifications to invoke an AWS Lambda function when an image is uploaded.
Use the function to resize the image
(E). Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule that invokes an AWS Lambda
function on a schedule to resize uploaded images.
Answer: B,D

NO.67 An ecommerce company needs to run a scheduled daily job to aggregate and filler sales
records for analytics.
The company stores the sales records in an Amazon S3 bucket. Each object can be up to 10 G6 in size
Based on the number of sales events, the job can take up to an hour to complete. The CPU and
memory usage of the fob are constant and are known in advance.
A solutions architect needs to minimize the amount of operational effort that is needed for the job to
run.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Create an AWS Lambda function that has an Amazon EventBridge notification Schedule the
EventBridge event to run once a day
(B). Create an AWS Lambda function Create an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API, and integrate the API
with the function Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled avert that calls the API and invokes the
function.
(C). Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) duster with an AWS Fargate launch
type.
Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event that launches an ECS task on the cluster to run the
job.
(D). Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) duster with an Amazon EC2 launch
type and an Auto Scaling group with at least one EC2 instance. Create an Amazon EventBridge
scheduled event that launches an ECS task on the duster to run the job.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
28
Answer: C

NO.68 A company hosts an application on AWS Lambda functions mat are invoked by an Amazon
API Gateway API The Lambda functions save customer data to an Amazon Aurora MySQL database
Whenever the company upgrades the database, the Lambda functions fail to establish database
connections until the upgrade is complete The result is that customer data Is not recorded for some
of the event A solutions architect needs to design a solution that stores customer data that is created
during database upgrades Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Provision an Amazon RDS proxy to sit between the Lambda functions and the database Configure
the Lambda functions to connect to the RDS proxy
(B). Increase the run time of me Lambda functions to the maximum Create a retry mechanism in the
code that stores the customer data in the database
(C). Persist the customer data to Lambda local storage. Configure new Lambda functions to scan the
local storage to save the customer data to the database.
(D). Store the customer data m an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS) FIFO queue Create a
new Lambda function that polls the queue and stores the customer data in the database
Answer: D

Explanation
https://www.learnaws.org/2020/12/13/aws-rds-proxy-deep-dive/
RDS proxy can improve application availability in such a situation by waiting for the new database
instance to be functional and maintaining any requests received from the application during this
time. The end result is that the application is more resilient to issues with the underlying database.
This will enable solution to hold data till the time DB comes back to normal. RDS proxy is to optimally
utilize the connection between Lambda and DB. Lambda can open multiple connection concurrently
which can be taxing on DB compute resources, hence RDS proxy was introduced to manage and
leverage these connections efficiently.

NO.69 A company wants to migrate its on-premises data center to AWS. According to the company's
compliance requirements, the company can use only the ap-northeast-3 Region. Company
administrators are not permitted to connect VPCs to the internet.
Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
(A). Use AWS Control Tower to implement data residency guardrails to deny internet access and deny
access to all AWS Regions except ap-northeast-3.
(B). Use rules in AWS WAF to prevent internet access. Deny access to all AWS Regions except apnortheast-3 in the AWS account settings.
(C). Use AWS Organizations to configure service control policies (SCPS) that prevent VPCs from
gaining internet access. Deny access to all AWS Regions except ap-northeast-3.
(D). Create an outbound rule for the network ACL in each VPC to deny all traffic from 0.0.0.0/0.
Create an IAM policy for each user to prevent the use of any AWS Region other than ap-northeast-3.
(E). Use AWS Config to activate managed rules to detect and alert for internet gateways and to detect
and alert for new resources deployed outside of ap-northeast-3.
Answer: A,C

NO.70 A company wants to create an application to store employee data in a hierarchical structured
relationship. The company needs a minimum-latency response to high-traffic queries for the
employee data and must protect any sensitive data. The company also need to receive monthly email
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
29
messages if any financial information is present in the employee data.
Which combination of steps should a solutin architect take to meet these requirement? ( Select
TWO.)
Answer: B,E

NO.71 A solutions architect needs to help a company optimize the cost of running an application on
AWS. The application will use Amazon EC2 instances, AWS Fargate, and AWS Lambda for compute
within the architecture.
The EC2 instances will run the data ingestion layer of the application. EC2 usage will be sporadic and
unpredictable. Workloads that run on EC2 instances can be interrupted at any time. The application
front end will run on Fargate, and Lambda will serve the API layer. The front-end utilization and API
layer utilization will be predictable over the course of the next year.
Which combination of purchasing options will provide the MOST cost-effective solution for hosting
this application? (Choose two.)
(A). Purchase a 1-year EC2 instance Savings Plan for the front end and API layer.
(B). Use Spot Instances for the data ingestion layer
(C). Purchase 1-year All Upfront Reserved instances for the data ingestion layer.
(D). Purchase a 1-year Compute Savings Plan for the front end and API layer.
(E). Use On-Demand Instances for the data ingestion layer
Answer: B,D

NO.72 A company has a web application with sporadic usage patterns There is heavy usage at the
beginning of each month moderate usage at the start of each week and unpredictable usage during
the week The application consists of a web server and a MySQL database server running inside the
data center The company would like to move the application to the AWS Cloud and needs to select a
cost-effective database platform that will not require database modifications Which solution will
meet these requirements?
(A). Amazon DynamoDB
(B). Amazon RDS for MySQL
(C). MySQL-compatible Amazon Aurora Serverless
(D). MySQL deployed on Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group
Answer: B

NO.73 A company runs an ecommerce application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application
Load Balancer.
The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The Auto
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
30
Scaling group scales based on CPU utilization metrics. The ecommerce application stores the
transaction data in a MySQL 8.0 database that is hosted on a large EC2 instance.
The database's performance degrades quickly as application load increases. The application handles
more read requests than write transactions. The company wants a solution that will automatically
scale the database to meet the demand of unpredictable read workloads while maintaining high
availability.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Use Amazon Redshift with a single node for leader and compute functionality.
(B). Use Amazon RDS with a Single-AZ deployment Configure Amazon RDS to add reader instances in
a different Availability Zone.
(C). Use Amazon Aurora with a Multi-AZ deployment. Configure Aurora Auto Scaling with Aurora
Replicas.
(D). Use Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached with EC2 Spot Instances.
Answer: C

Explanation
AURORA is 5x performance improvement over MySQL on RDS and handles more read requests than
write,; maintaining high availability = Multi-AZ deployment

NO.74 A solutions architect needs to design a highly available application consisting of web,
application, and database tiers. HTTPS content delivery should be as close to the edge as possible,
with the least delivery time.
Which solution meets these requirements and is MOST secure?
(A). Configure a public Application Load Balancer (ALB) with multiple redundant Amazon EC2
instances in public subnets. Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using the public
ALB as the origin.
(B). Configure a public Application Load Balancer with multiple redundant Amazon EC2 instances in
private subnets. Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using the EC2 instances as
the origin.
(C). Configure a public Application Load Balancer (ALB) with multiple redundant Amazon EC2
instances in private subnets. Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using the public
ALB as the origin.
(D). Configure a public Application Load Balancer with multiple redundant Amazon EC2 instances in
public subnets. Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using the EC2 instances as the
origin.
Answer: C

Explanation
This solution meets the requirements for a highly available application with web, application, and
database tiers, as well as providing edge-based content delivery. Additionally, it maximizes security
by having the ALB in a private subnet, which limits direct access to the web servers, while still being
able to serve traffic over the Internet via the public ALB. This will ensure that the web servers are not
exposed to the public Internet, which reduces the attack surface and provides a secure way to access
the application.

NO.75 A solutions architect must design a solution that uses Amazon CloudFront with an Amazon S3
origin to store a static website. The company's security policy requires that all website traffic be
inspected by AWS WAR How should the solutions architect comply with these requirements?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
31
(A). Configure an S3 bucket policy lo accept requests coming from the AWS WAF Amazon Resource
Name (ARN) only.
(B). Configure Amazon CloudFront to forward all incoming requests to AWS WAF before requesting
content from the S3 origin.
(C). Configure a security group that allows Amazon CloudFront IP addresses to access Amazon S3
only.
Associate AWS WAF to CloudFront.
(D). Configure Amazon CloudFront and Amazon S3 to use an origin access identity (OAI) to restrict
access to the S3 bucket. Enable AWS WAF on the distribution.
Answer: D

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-contentrestricting-access-to-s3
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/distribution-webawswaf.html

NO.76 A company is building a containerized application on premises and decides to move the
application to AWS.
The application will have thousands of users soon after li is deployed. The company Is unsure how to
manage the deployment of containers at scale. The company needs to deploy the containerized
application in a highly available architecture that minimizes operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Store container images In an Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) repository. Use an
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the AWS Fargate launch type to run the
containers. Use target tracking to scale automatically based on demand.
(B). Store container images in an Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) repository. Use an
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the Amazon EC2 launch type to run the
containers. Use target tracking to scale automatically based on demand.
(C). Store container images in a repository that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. Run the containers
on EC2 instances that are spread across multiple Availability Zones. Monitor the average CPU
utilization in Amazon CloudWatch. Launch new EC2 instances as needed
(D). Create an Amazon EC2 Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that contains the container image Launch
EC2 Instances in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. Use an Amazon CloudWatch
alarm to scale out EC2 instances when the average CPU utilization threshold is breached.
Answer: A

NO.77 A solutions architect is creating a new Amazon CloudFront distribution for an application.
Some of the information submitted by users is sensitive. The application uses HTTPS but needs
another layer of security.
The sensitive information should be protected throughout the entire application stack, and access to
the information should be restricted to certain applications.
Which action should the solutions architect take?
(A). Configure a CloudFront signed URL.
(B). Configure a CloudFront signed cookie.
(C). Configure a CloudFront field-level encryption profile.
(D). Configure CloudFront and set the Origin Protocol Policy setting to HTTPS Only for the Viewer
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
32
Protocol Policy.
Answer: C

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/field-levelencryption.html
"With Amazon CloudFront, you can enforce secure end-to-end connections to origin servers by using
HTTPS.
Field-level encryption adds an additional layer of security that lets you protect specific data
throughout system processing so that only certain applications can see it."

NO.78 A company has an AWS Lambda function that needs read access to an Amazon S3 bucket that
is located in the same AWS account. Which solution will meet these requirement in the MOST secure
manner?
(A). Apply an S3 bucket pokey that grants road access to the S3 bucket
(B). Apply an IAM role to the Lambda function Apply an IAM policy to the role to grant read access to
the S3 bucket
(C). Embed an access key and a secret key In the Lambda function's coda to grant the required IAM
permissions for read access to the S3 bucket
(D). Apply an IAM role to the Lambda function. Apply an IAM policy to the role to grant read access to
all S3 buckets In the account
Answer: B

NO.79 A company has deployed a web application on AWS. The company hosts the backend
database on Amazon RDS for MySQL with a primary DB instance and five read replicas to support
scallng needs. The read replicas must lag no more than 1 second behind the primary DB instance. The
database routinely runs scheduled stored procedures.
As traffic on the website increases, the replicas experince addtional lag during periods of peak load. A
solutions architect must reduce the replication lag as much as possible. The solutin architect must
minimize changes to the application code and must minimize ongoing operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Migrate the database to Amazon Aurora MySQL. Replace the read replicas with Aurora Replicas,
and configure Aurora Auto Scaling. Replace the store procedures with Aurora MySQL native
functions.
(B). Deploy an Amazon ElasticCache for Redis cluster in front of the database. Modify the application
to check the cache before the applicatin queries the database. Replace the stored procedures with
AWS Lambda functions.
(C). Migrate the database to a MySQL database that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. Choose large,
compute optimized EC2 instances for all replica nodes. Maintain the stored procedures on the EC2
instances.
(D). Migrate the database to Amazon DynamicDB provision a large number of read capacity
units(RCUs) to support the required throught, and configure on-demand capacity scaling. Replace the
store procedures with DynamoDB streams
Answer: A

NO.80 A company will deployed a web application on AWS. The company hosts the backend
database on Amazon RDS for MySQL with a primary DB instance and five read replicas to support
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
33
scaling needs. The read replicas must log no more than 1 second bahind the primary DB Instance. The
database routinely runs scheduled stored procedures.
As traffic on the website increases, the replicas experinces addtional lag during periods of peak lead.
A solutions architect must reduce the replication lag as much as possible. The solutions architect
must minimize changes to the applicatin code and must minimize ongoing overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
Migrate the database to Amazon Aurora MySQL. Replace the read replicas with Aurora Replicas, and
configure Aurora Auto Scaling. Replace the stored procedures with Aurora MySQL native functions.
Deploy an Amazon ElasticCache for Redis cluser in front of the database. Modify the application to
check the cache before the application queries the database. Repace the stored procedures with
AWS Lambda funcions.
Answer: A

NO.81 A development team needs to host a website that will be accessed by other teams. The
website contents consist of HTML, CSS, client-side JavaScript, and images Which method is the MOST
cost-effective for hosting the website?
(A). Containerize the website and host it in AWS Fargate.
(B). Create an Amazon S3 bucket and host the website there
(C). Deploy a web server on an Amazon EC2 instance to host the website.
(D). Configure an Application Loa d Balancer with an AWS Lambda target that uses the Express js
framework.
Answer: B

Explanation
In Static Websites, Web pages are returned by the server which are prebuilt.
They use simple languages such as HTML, CSS, or JavaScript.
There is no processing of content on the server (according to the user) in Static Websites. Web pages
are returned by the server with no change therefore, static Websites are fast.
There is no interaction with databases.
Also, they are less costly as the host does not need to support server-side processing with different
languages.
In Dynamic Websites, Web pages are returned by the server which are processed during runtime
means they are not prebuilt web pages but they are built during runtime according to the user's
demand.
These use server-side scripting languages such as PHP, Node.js, ASP.NET and many more supported
by the server.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
34
So, they are slower than static websites but updates and interaction with databases are possible.

NO.82 A gaming company is moving its public scoreboard from a data center to the AWS Cloud. The
company uses Amazon EC2 Windows Server instances behind an Application Load Balancer to host its
dynamic application. The company needs a highly available storage solution for the application. The
application consists of static files and dynamic server-side code.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Select
TWO.)
(A). Store the static files on Amazon S3. Use Amazon A. CloudFront to cache objects at the edge.
(B). Store the static files on Amazon S3. Use Amazon ElastiCache to cache objects at the edge.
(C). Store the server-side code on Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). Mount the EFS volume
on each EC2 instance to share the files.
(D). Store the server-side code on Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. Mount the FSx for Windows
File Server volume on each EC2 instance to share the files.
(E). Store the server-side code on a General Purpose SSD (gp2) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon
EBS) volume. Mount the EBS volume on each EC2 instance to share the files.
Answer: A,E

NO.83 A company is migrating applications to AWS. The applications are deployed in different
accounts. The company manages the accounts centrally by using AWS Organizations. The company's
security team needs a single sign-on (SSO) solution across all the company's accounts. The company
must continue managing the users and groups in its on-premises self-managed Microsoft Active
Directory.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Enable AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) from the AWS SSO console. Create a one-way forest trust
or a one-way domain trust to connect the company's self-managed Microsoft Active Directory with
AWS SSO by using AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory.
(B). Enable AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) from the AWS SSO console. Create a two-way forest trust
to connect the company's self-managed Microsoft Active Directory with AWS SSO by using AWS
Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory.
(C). Use AWS Directory Service. Create a two-way trust relationship with the company's self-managed
Microsoft Active Directory.
(D). Deploy an identity provider (IdP) on premises. Enable AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) from the
AWS SSO console.
Answer: A

NO.84 A company hosts a containerized web application on a fleet of on-premises servers that
process incoming requests. The number of requests is growing quickly. The on-premises servers
cannot handle the increased number of requests. The company wants to move the application to
AWS with minimum code changes and minimum development effort.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Use AWS Fargate on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to run the containerized
web application with Service Auto Scaling. Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute the
incoming requests.
(B). Use two Amazon EC2 instances to host the containerized web application. Use an Application
Load Balancer to distribute the incoming requests
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
35
(C). Use AWS Lambda with a new code that uses one of the supported languages. Create multiple
Lambda functions to support the load. Use Amazon API Gateway as an entry point to the Lambda
functions.
(D). Use a high performance computing (HPC) solution such as AWS ParallelClusterto establish an HPC
cluster that can process the incoming requests at the appropriate scale.
Answer: A

NO.85 A company has a legacy data processing application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. Data
is processed sequentially, but the order of results does not matter. The application uses a monolithic
architecture. The only way that the company can scale the application to meet increased demand is
to increase the size of the instances.
The company's developers have decided to rewrite the application to use a microservices
architecture on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS).
What should a solutions architect recommend for communication between the microservices?
(A). Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Add code to the data producers,
and send data to the queue. Add code to the data consumers to process data from the queue.
(B). Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Add code to the data
producers, and publish notifications to the topic. Add code to the data consumers to subscribe to the
topic.
(C). Create an AWS Lambda function to pass messages. Add code to the data producers to call the
Lambda function with a data object. Add code to the data consumers to receive a data object that is
passed from the Lambda function.
(D). Create an Amazon DynamoDB table. Enable DynamoDB Streams. Add code to the data producers
to insert data into the table. Add code to the data consumers to use the DynamoDB Streams API to
detect new table entries and retrieve the data.
Answer: A

Explanation
Queue has Limited throughput (300 msg/s without batching, 3000 msg/s with batching whereby upto 10 msg per batch operation; Msg duplicates not allowed in the queue (exactly-once delivery); Msg
order is preserved (FIFO); Queue name must end with .fifo

NO.86 A company is running a multi-tier recommence web application in the AWS Cloud. The
application runs on Amazon EC2 instances with an Amazon RDS for MySQL Multi-AZ OB instance.
Amazon ROS is configured with the latest generation DB instance with 2.000 GB of storage In a
General Purpose SSD (gp3) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBSl volume. The database
performance affects the application during periods high demand.
A database administrator analyzes the logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs and discovers that the
application performance always degrades when the number of read and write IOPS is higher than
20.000.
What should a solutions architect do to improve the application performance?
(A). Replace the volume with a magnetic volume.
(B). Increase the number of IOPS on the gp3 volume.
(C). Replace the volume with a Provisioned IOPS SSD (Io2) volume.
(D). Replace the 2.000 GB gp3 volume with two 1.000 GB gp3 volumes
Answer: C
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
36

NO.87 A new employee has joined a company as a deployment engineer. The deployment engineer
will be using AWS CloudFormation templates to create multiple AWS resources. A solutions architect
wants the deployment engineer to perform job activities while following the principle of least
privilege.
Which steps should the solutions architect do in conjunction to reach this goal? (Select two.)
(A). Have the deployment engineer use AWS account roof user credentials for performing AWS
CloudFormation stack operations.
(B). Create a new IAM user for the deployment engineer and add the IAM user to a group that has
the PowerUsers IAM policy attached.
(C). Create a new IAM user for the deployment engineer and add the IAM user to a group that has
the Administrate/Access IAM policy attached.
(D). Create a new IAM User for the deployment engineer and add the IAM user to a group that has an
IAM policy that allows AWS CloudFormation actions only.
(E). Create an IAM role for the deployment engineer to explicitly define the permissions specific to
the AWS CloudFormation stack and launch stacks using Dial IAM role.
Answer: D,E

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_users.html

NO.88 A company is developing a two-tier web application on AWS. The company's developers have
deployed the application on an Amazon EC2 instance that connects directly to a backend Amazon
RDS database. The company must not hardcode database credentials in the application. The
company must also implement a solution to automatically rotate the database credentials on a
regular basis.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Store the database credentials in the instance metadata. Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon
CloudWatch Events) rules to run a scheduled AWS Lambda function that updates the RDS credentials
and instance metadata at the same time.
(B). Store the database credentials in a configuration file in an encrypted Amazon S3 bucket. Use
Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rules to run a scheduled AWS Lambda function
that updates the RDS credentials and the credentials in the configuration file at the same time. Use
S3 Versioning to ensure the ability to fall back to previous values.
(C). Store the database credentials as a secret in AWS Secrets Manager. Turn on automatic rotation
for the secret. Attach the required permission to the EC2 role to grant access to the secret.
(D). Store the database credentials as encrypted parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter
Store. Turn on automatic rotation for the encrypted parameters. Attach the required permission to
the EC2 role to grant access to the encrypted parameters.
Answer: C

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/create_database_secret.html

NO.89 A company has a regional subscription-based streaming service that runs in a single AWS
Region. The architecture consists of web servers and application servers on Amazon EC2 instances.
The EC2 instances are in Auto Scaling groups behind Elastic Load Balancers. The architecture includes
an Amazon Aurora database cluster that extends across multiple Availability Zones.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
37
The company wants to expand globally and to ensure that its application has minimal downtime.
(A). Extend the Auto Scaling groups for the web tier and the application tier to deploy instances in
Availability Zones in a second Region. Use an Aurora global database to deploy the database in the
primary Region and the second Region. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks with a failover routing
policy to the second Region.
(B). Deploy the web tier and the application tier to a second Region. Add an Aurora PostgreSQL crossRegion Aurara Replica in the second Region. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks with a failovers
routing policy to the second Region, Promote the secondary to primary as needed.
(C). Deploy the web tier and the applicatin tier to a second Region. Create an Aurora PostSQL
database in the second Region. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to replicate the
primary database to the second Region. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks with a failover routing
policy to the second Region.
(D). Deploy the web tier and the application tier to a second Region. Use an Amazon Aurora global
database to deploy the database in the primary Region and the second Region. Use Amazon Route 53
health checks with a failover routing policy to the second Region. Promote the secondary to primary
as needed.
Answer: A

NO.90 A company wants to migrate an Oracle database to AWS. The database consists of a single
table that contains millions of geographic information systems (GIS) images that are high resolution
and are identified by a geographic code.
When a natural disaster occurs tens of thousands of images get updated every few minutes. Each
geographic code has a single image or row that is associated with it. The company wants a solution
that is highly available and scalable during such events Which solution meets these requirements
MOST cost-effectively?
Answer: A

NO.91 A company uses a popular content management system (CMS) for its corporate website.
However, the required patching and maintenance are burdensome. The company is redesigning its
website and wants anew solution. The website will be updated four times a year and does not need
to have any dynamic content available. The solution must provide high scalability and enhanced
security.
Which combination of changes will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(Choose two.)
(A). Deploy an AWS WAF web ACL in front of the website to provide HTTPS functionality
(B). Create and deploy an AWS Lambda function to manage and serve the website content
(C). Create the new website and an Amazon S3 bucket Deploy the website on the S3 bucket with
static website hosting enabled
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
38
(D). Create the new website. Deploy the website by using an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2
instances behind an Application Load Balancer.
Answer: A,D

NO.92 A solutions architect is designing a two-tiered architecture that includes a public subnet and a
database subnet.
The web servers in the public subnet must be open to the internet on port 443. The Amazon RDS for
MySQL D6 instance in the database subnet must be accessible only to the web servers on port 3306.
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Select
TWO.)
(A). Create a network ACL for the public subnet Add a rule to deny outbound traffic to 0 0 0 0/0 on
port
3306
(B). Create a security group for the DB instance Add a rule to allow traffic from the public subnet CIDR
block on port 3306
(C). Create a security group for the web servers in the public subnet Add a rule to allow traffic from 0
0 0 O'O on port 443
(D). Create a security group for the DB instance Add a rule to allow traffic from the web servers'
security group on port 3306
(E). Create a security group for the DB instance Add a rule to deny all traffic except traffic from the
web servers' security group on port 3306
Answer: C,D

NO.93 A company is building a mobile app on AWS. The company wants to expand its reach to
millions of users The company needs to build a platform so that authorized users can watch the
company's content on their mobile devices What should a solutions architect recommend to meet
these requirements?
(A). Publish content to a public Amazon S3 bucket. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
keys to stream content.
(B). Set up IPsec VPN between the mobile app and the AWS environment to stream content
(C). Use Amazon CloudFront Provide signed URLs to stream content.
(D). Set up AWS Client VPN between the mobile app and the AWS environment to stream content.
Answer: A

NO.94 A company collects data from a large number of participants who use wearabledevices.The
company stores the data in an Amazon DynamoDB table and uses applications to analyze the data.
The data workload is constant and predictable. The company wants to stay at or below its forecasted
budget for DynamoDB.
Whihc solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Use provisioned mode and DynamoDB Standard-Infrequent Access (DynamoDB Standard-IA).
Reserve capacity for the forecasted workload.
(B). Use provisioned mode Specify the read capacity units (RCUs) and write capacity units (WCUs).
(C). Use on-demand mode. Set the read capacity unite (RCUs) and write capacity units (WCUs) high
enough to accommodate changes in the workload.
(D). Use on-demand mode. Specify the read capacity units (RCUs) and write capacity units (WCUs)
with reserved capacity.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
39
Answer: C

NO.95 A company runs a highly available image-processing application on Amazon EC2 instances in a
single VPC The EC2 instances run inside several subnets across multiple Availability Zones. The EC2
instances do not communicate with each other However, the EC2 instances download images from
Amazon S3 and upload images to Amazon S3 through a single NAT gateway The company is
concerned about data transfer charges What is the MOST cost-effective way for the company to
avoid Regional data transfer charges?
(A). Launch the NAT gateway in each Availability Zone
(B). Replace the NAT gateway with a NAT instance
(C). Deploy a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3
(D). Provision an EC2 Dedicated Host to run the EC2 instances
Answer: A

NO.96 A media company is evaluating the possibility ot moving rts systems to the AWS Cloud The
company needs at least 10 TB of storage with the maximum possible I/O performance for video
processing. 300 TB of very durable storage for storing media content, and 900 TB of storage to meet
requirements for archival media that is not in use anymore Which set of services should a solutions
architect recommend to meet these requirements?
(A). Amazon EBS for maximum performance, Amazon S3 for durable data storage, and Amazon S3
Glacier for archival storage
(B). Amazon EBS for maximum performance, Amazon EFS for durable data storage and Amazon S3
Glacier for archival storage
(C). Amazon EC2 instance store for maximum performance. Amazon EFS for durable data storage and
Amazon S3 for archival storage
(D). Amazon EC2 Instance store for maximum performance. Amazon S3 for durable data storage, and
Amazon S3 Glacier for archival storage
Answer: A

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/InstanceStorage.html

NO.97 The customers of a finance company request appointments with financial advisors by sending
text messages.
A web application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances accepts the appointment requests. The text
messages are published to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue through the web
application.
Another application that runs on EC2 instances then sends meeting invitations and meeting
confirmation email messages to the customers. After successful scheduling, this application stores
the meeting information in an Amazon DynamoDB database.
As the company expands, customers report that their meeting invitations are taking longer to arrive.
What should a solutions architect recommend to resolve this issue?
(A). Add a DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster in front of the DynamoDB database.
(B). Add an Amazon API Gateway API in front of the web application that accepts the appointment
requests.
(C). Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Set the origin as the web application that accepts the
appointment requests.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
40
(D). Add an Auto Scaling group for the application that sends meeting invitations. Configure the Auto
Scaling group to scale based on the depth of the SQS queue.
Answer: D

Explanation
To resolve the issue of longer delivery times for meeting invitations, the solutions architect can
recommend adding an Auto Scaling group for the application that sends meeting invitations and
configuring the Auto Scaling group to scale based on the depth of the SQS queue. This will allow the
application to scale up as the number of appointment requests increases, improving the performance
and delivery times of the meeting invitations.

NO.98 A solutions architect wants all new users to have specific complexity requirements and
mandatory rotation periods tor IAM user passwords What should the solutions architect do to
accomplish this?
(A). Set an overall password policy for the entire AWS account
(B). Set a password policy for each IAM user in the AWS account
(C). Use third-party vendor software to set password requirements
(D). Attach an Amazon CloudWatch rule to the Create_newuser event to set the password with the
appropriate requirements
Answer: A

NO.99 A company has an API that receives real-time data from a fleet of monitoring devices. The API
stores this data in an Amazon RDS DB instance for later analysis. The amount of data that the
monitoring devices send to the API fluctuates. During periods of heavy traffic, the API often returns
timeout errors.
After an inspection of the logs, the company determines that the database is not capable of
processing the volume of write traffic that comes from the API. A solutions architect must minimize
the number of connections to the database and must ensure that data is not lost during periods of
heavy traffic.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Increase the size of the DB instance to an instance type that has more available memory.
(B). Modify the DB instance to be a Multi-AZ DB instance. Configure the application to write to all
active RDS DB instances.
(C). Modify the API to write incoming data to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue.
Use an AWS Lambda function that Amazon SQS invokes to write data from the queue to the
database.
(D). Modify the API to write incoming data to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
topic.
Use an AWS Lambda function that Amazon SNS invokes to write data from the topic to the database.
Answer: C

Explanation
Using Amazon SQS will help minimize the number of connections to the database, as the API will
write data to a queue instead of directly to the database. Additionally, using an AWS Lambda function
that Amazon SQS invokes to write data from the queue to the database will help ensure that data is
not lost during periods of heavy traffic, as the queue will serve as a buffer between the API and the
database.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
41

NO.100 A company has a three-tier environment on AWS that ingests sensor data from its users'
devices The traffic flows through a Network Load Balancer (NIB) then to Amazon EC2 instances for
the web tier and finally to EC2 instances for the application tier that makes database calls What
should a solutions architect do to improve the security of data in transit to the web tier?
Answer: A

NO.101 A meteorological startup company has a custom web application to sell weather data to its
users online. The company uses Amazon DynamoDB to store is data and wants to bu4d a new service
that sends an alert to the managers of four Internal teams every time a new weather event is
recorded. The company does not want true new service to affect the performance of the current
application What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirement with the LEAST amount
of operational overhead?
(A). Use DynamoDB transactions to write new event data to the table Configure the transactions to
notify internal teams.
(B). Have the current application publish a message to four Amazon Simple Notification Service
(Amazon SNS) topics. Have each team subscribe to one topic.
(C). Enable Amazon DynamoDB Streams on the table. Use triggers to write to a mingle Amazon
Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to which the teams can subscribe.
(D). Add a custom attribute to each record to flag new items. Write a cron job that scans the table
every minute for items that are new and notifies an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS)
queue to which the teams can subscribe.
Answer: C

NO.102 A company runs a production application on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The
application reads the data from an Amazon SQS queue and processes the messages in parallel. The
message volume is unpredictable and often has intermittent traffic. This application should
continually process messages without any downtime.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Use Spot Instances exclusively to handle the maximum capacity required.
(B). Use Reserved Instances exclusively to handle the maximum capacity required.
(C). Use Reserved Instances for the baseline capacity and use Spot Instances to handle additional
capacity.
(D). Use Reserved Instances for the baseline capacity and use On-Demand Instances to handle
additional capacity.
Answer: D

Explanation
We recommend that you use On-Demand Instances for applications with short-term, irregular
workloads that cannot be interrupted.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-on-demand-instances.html

NO.103 A company has an application that collects data from loT sensors on automobiles. The data
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
42
is streamed and stored in Amazon S3 through Amazon Kinesis Date Firehose The data produces
trillions of S3 objects each year. Each morning, the company uses the data from the previous 30 days
to retrain a suite of machine learning (ML) models.
Four times each year, the company uses the data from the previous 12 months to perform analysis
and train other ML models The data must be available with minimal delay for up to 1 year. After 1
year, the data must be retained for archival purposes.
Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Use the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to
S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year
(B). Use the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Configure S3 Intelligent-Tiering to automatically move
objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year.
(C). Use the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle
policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year.
(D). Use the S3 Standard storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3
Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days, and then to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after
1 year.
Answer: B

NO.104 A solutions architect must design a highly available infrastructure for a website. The website
is powered by Windows web servers that run on Amazon EC2 instances. The solutions architect must
implement a solution that can mitigate a large-scale DDoS attack that originates from thousands of IP
addresses. Downtime is not acceptable for the website.
Which actions should the solutions architect take to protect the website from such an attack? (Select
TWO.)
(A). Use AWS Shield Advanced to stop the DDoS attack.
(B). Configure Amazon GuardDuty to automatically block the attackers.
(C). Configure the website to use Amazon CloudFront for both static and dynamic content.
(D). Use an AWS Lambda function to automatically add attacker IP addresses to VPC network ACLs.
(E). Use EC2 Spot Instances in an Auto Scaling group with a target tracking scaling policy that is set to
80% CPU utilization
Answer: A,C

Explanation
(https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront

NO.105 A company is running an SMB file server in its data center. The file server stores large files
that are accessed frequently for the first few days after the files are created. After 7 days the files are
rarely accessed.
The total data size is increasing and is close to the company's total storage capacity. A solutions
architect must increase the company's available storage space without losing low-latency access to
the most recently accessed files. The solutions architect must also provide file lifecycle management
to avoid future storage issues.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Use AWS DataSync to copy data that is older than 7 days from the SMB file server to AWS.
(B). Create an Amazon S3 File Gateway to extend the company's storage space. Create an S3 Lifecycle
policy to transition the data to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 7 days.
(C). Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system to extend the company's storage
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
43
space.
(D). Install a utility on each user's computer to access Amazon S3. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to
transition the data to S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 7 days.
Answer: A

NO.106 A company runs a containerized application on a Kubernetes cluster in an on-premises data
center. The company is using a MongoDB database for data storage.
The company wants to migrate some of these environments to AWS, but no code changes or
deployment method changes are possible at this time. The company needs a solution that minimizes
operational overhead.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes for compute
and MongoDB on EC2 for data storage.
(B). Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate for compute and Amazon
DynamoDB for data storage.
(C). Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes for
compute and Amazon DynamoDB for data storage.
(D). Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with AWS Fargate for compute and
Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) for data storage.
Answer: D

Explanation
Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) is a fast, reliable, and fully managed database
service.
Amazon DocumentDB makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale MongoDB-compatible databases in
the cloud. With Amazon DocumentDB, you can run the same application code and use the same
drivers and tools that you use with MongoDB.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/what-is.html

NO.107 A solutions architect is designing the architecture of a new application being deployed to
the AWS Cloud. The application will run on Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances and will automatically
scale across multiple Availability Zones. The EC2 instances will scale up and down frequently
throughout the day. An Application Load Balancer (ALB) will handle the load distribution. The
architecture needs to support distributed session data management. The company is willing to make
changes to code if needed.
What should the solutions architect do to ensure that the architecture supports distributed session
data management?
(A). Use Amazon ElastiCache to manage and store session data.
(B). Use session affinity (sticky sessions) of the ALB to manage session data.
(C). Use Session Manager from AWS Systems Manager to manage the session.
(D). Use the GetSessionToken API operation in AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) to manage the
session
Answer: A

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/vi/caching/session-management/
In order to address scalability and to provide a shared data storage for sessions that can be accessible
from any individual web server, you can abstract the HTTP sessions from the web servers themselves.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
44
A common solution to for this is to leverage an In-Memory Key/Value store such as Redis and
Memcached. ElastiCache offerings for In-Memory key/value stores include ElastiCache for Redis,
which can support replication, and ElastiCache for Memcached which does not support replication.

NO.108 A solutions architect is optimizing a website for an upcoming musical event. Videos of the
performances will be streamed in real time and then will be available on demand. The event is
expected to attract a global online audience.
Which service will improve the performance of both the real-lime and on-demand streaming?
(A). Amazon CloudFront
(B). AWS Global Accelerator
(C). Amazon Route 53
(D). Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
Answer: A

Explanation
You can use CloudFront to deliver video on demand (VOD) or live streaming video using any HTTP
origin.
One way you can set up video workflows in the cloud is by using CloudFront together with AWS
Media Services.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/on-demand-streamingvideo.html

NO.109 A solutions architect is using Amazon S3 to design the storage architecture of a new digital
media application.
The media files must be resilient to the loss of an Availability Zone Some files are accessed frequently
while other files are rarely accessed in an unpredictable pattern. The solutions architect must
minimize the costs of storing and retrieving the media files.
Which storage option meets these requirements?
(A). S3 Standard
(B). S3 Intelligent-Tiering
(C). S3 Standard-Infrequent Access {S3 Standard-IA)
(D). S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)
Answer: B

Explanation
S3 Intelligent-Tiering - Perfect use case when you don't know the frequency of access or irregular
patterns of usage.
Amazon S3 offers a range of storage classes designed for different use cases. These include S3
Standard for general-purpose storage of frequently accessed data; S3 Intelligent-Tiering for data with
unknown or changing access patterns; S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) and S3 One
Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) for long-lived, but less frequently accessed data; and
Amazon S3 Glacier (S3 Glacier) and Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive (S3 Glacier Deep Archive) for
long-term archive and digital preservation. If you have data residency requirements that can't be met
by an existing AWS Region, you can use the S3 Outposts storage class to store your S3 data onpremises. Amazon S3 also offers capabilities to manage your data throughout its lifecycle. Once an S3
Lifecycle policy is set, your data will automatically transfer to a different storage class without any
changes to your application.
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/getting-started-using-amazon-s3-intelligentIT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
45
tiering/?nc1=h_ls

NO.110 A company's security team requests that network traffic be captured in VPC Flow Logs. The
logs will be frequently accessed for 90 days and then accessed intermittently.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements when configuring the logs?
Answer: D

Explanation
There's a table here that specifies that VPC Flow logs can go directly to S3. Does not need to go via
CloudTrail and then to S3. Nor via CW.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/AWS-logs-and-resourcepolicy.html#AWS-logs-i

NO.111 A company is concerned that two NAT instances in use will no longer be able to support the
traffic needed for the company's application. A solutions architect wants to implement a solution
that is highly available, fault tolerant, and automatically scalable.
What should the solutions architect recommend?
(A). Remove the two NAT instances and replace them with two NAT gateways in the same Availability
Zone.
(B). Use Auto Scaling groups with Network Load Balancers for the NAT instances in different
Availability Zones.
(C). Remove the two NAT instances and replace them with two NAT gateways in different Availability
Zones.
(D). Replace the two NAT instances with Spot Instances in different Availability Zones and deploy a
Network Load Balancer.
Answer: C

Explanation
If you have resources in multiple Availability Zones and they share one NAT gateway, and if the NAT
gateway's Availability Zone is down, resources in the other Availability Zones lose internet access. To
create an Availability Zone-independent architecture, create a NAT gateway in each Availability Zone
and configure your routing to ensure that resources use the NAT gateway in the same Availability
Zone.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-nat-gateway.html#nat-gateway-basics

NO.112 A company is planning to use an Amazon DynamoDB table for data storage. The company is
concerned about cost optimization. The table will not be used on most mornings. In the evenings, the
read and write traffic will often be unpredictable. When traffic spikes occur, they will happen very
quickly.
What should a solutions architect recommend?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
46
(A). Create a DynamoDB table in on-demand capacity mode.
(B). Create a DynamoDB table with a global secondary index.
(C). Create a DynamoDB table with provisioned capacity and auto scaling.
(D). Create a DynamoDB table in provisioned capacity mode, and configure it as a global table.
Answer: A

NO.113 A solutions architect is creating a new VPC design There are two public subnets for the load
balancer, two private subnets for web servers and two private subnets for MySQL The web servers
use only HTTPS The solutions architect has already created a security group tor the load balancer
allowing port 443 from 0 0 0 0/0 Company policy requires that each resource has the teas! access
required to still be able to perform its tasks Which additional configuration strategy should the
solutions architect use to meet these requirements?
(A). Create a security group for the web servers and allow port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0 Create a security
group for the MySQL servers and allow port 3306 from the web servers security group
(B). Create a network ACL for the web servers and allow port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0 Create a network
ACL (or the MySQL servers and allow port 3306 from the web servers security group
(C). Create a security group for the web servers and allow port 443 from the load balancer Create a
security group for the MySQL servers and allow port 3306 from the web servers security group
(D). Create a network ACL 'or the web servers and allow port 443 from the load balancer Create a
network ACL for the MySQL servers and allow port 3306 from the web servers security group
Answer: C

NO.114 A company has migrated an application to Amazon EC2 Linux instances. One of these EC2
instances runs several 1-hour tasks on a schedule. These tasks were written by different teams and
have no common programming language. The company is concerned about performance and
scalability while these tasks run on a single instance. A solutions architect needs to implement a
solution to resolve these concerns.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Use AWS Batch to run the tasks as jobs. Schedule the jobs by using Amazon EventBridge (Amazon
CloudWatch Events).
(B). Convert the EC2 instance to a container. Use AWS App Runner to create the container on
demand to run the tasks as jobs.
(C). Copy the tasks into AWS Lambda functions. Schedule the Lambda functions by using Amazon
EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events).
(D). Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the EC2 instance that runs the tasks. Create an Auto
Scaling group with the AMI to run multiple copies of the instance.
Answer: C

NO.115 A company has an AWS account used for software engineering. The AWS account has access
to the company's on-premises data center through a pair of AWS Direct Connect connections. All
non-VPC traffic routes to the virtual private gateway.
A development team recently created an AWS Lambda function through the console. The
development team needs to allow the function to access a database that runs in a private subnet in
the company's data center.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Configure the Lambda function to run in the VPC with the appropriate security group.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
47
(B). Set up a VPN connection from AWS to the data center. Route the traffic from the Lambda
function through the VPN.
(C). Update the route tables in the VPC to allow the Lambda function to access the on-premises data
center through Direct Connect.
(D). Create an Elastic IP address. Configure the Lambda function to send traffic through the Elastic IP
address without an elastic network interface.
Answer: A

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-vpc.html#vpc-managing-eni

NO.116 A company wants to run a gaming application on Amazon EC2 instances that are part of an
Auto Scaling group in the AWS Cloud. The application will transmit data by using UDP packets. The
company wants to ensure that the application can scale out and in as traffic increases and decreases.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Attach a Network Load Balancer to the Auto Scaling group
(B). Attach an Application Load Balancer to the Auto Scaling group.
(C). Deploy an Amazon Route 53 record set with a weighted policy to route traffic appropriately
(D). Deploy a NAT instance that is configured with port forwarding to the EC2 instances in the Auto
Scaling group.
Answer: B

NO.117 A company runs an internal browser-based application The application runs on Amazon EC2
instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
group across multiple Availability Zones. The Auto Scaling group scales up to 20 instances during
work hours but scales down to 2 instances overnight Staff are complaining that the application is very
slow when the day begins although it runs well by mid-morning.
How should the scaling be changed to address the staff complaints and keep costs to a minimum'?
(A). Implement a scheduled action that sets the desired capacity to 20 shortly before the office opens
(B). Implement a step scaling action triggered at a lower CPU threshold, and decrease the cooldown
period.
(C). Implement a target tracking action triggered at a lower CPU threshold, and decrease the
cooldown period.
(D). Implement a scheduled action that sets the minimum and maximum capacity to 20 shortly
before the office opens
Answer: A

NO.118 A company has implemented a self-managed DNS solution on three Amazon EC2 instances
behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in the us-west-2 Region. Most of the company's users are
located in the United States and Europe. The company wants to improve the performance and
availability of the solution. The company launches and configures three EC2 instances in the eu-west1 Region and adds the EC2 instances as targets for a new NLB.
Which solution can the company use to route traffic to all the EC2 instances?
(A). Create an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing policy to route requests to one of the two NLBs.
Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Use the Route 53 record as the distribution's origin.
(B). Create a standard accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator. Create endpoint groups in us-west-2
and eu-west-1. Add the two NLBs as endpoints for the endpoint groups.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
48
(C). Attach Elastic IP addresses to the six EC2 instances. Create an Amazon Route 53 geolocation
routing policy to route requests to one of the six EC2 instances. Create an Amazon CloudFront
distribution. Use the Route 53 record as the distribution's origin.
(D). Replace the two NLBs with two Application Load Balancers (ALBs). Create an Amazon Route 53
latency routing policy to route requests to one of the two ALBs. Create an Amazon CloudFront
distribution. Use the Route 53 record as the distribution's origin.
Answer: B

Explanation
For standard accelerators, Global Accelerator uses the AWS global network to route traffic to the
optimal regional endpoint based on health, client location, and policies that you configure, which
increases the availability of your applications. Endpoints for standard accelerators can be Network
Load Balancers, Application Load Balancers, Amazon EC2 instances, or Elastic IP addresses that are
located in one AWS Region or multiple Regions.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/latest/dg/what-is-global-accelerator.html

NO.119 A company uses Amazon S3 to store its confidential audit documents. The S3 bucket uses
bucket policies to restrict access to audit team IAM user credentials according to the principle of least
privilege. Company managers are worried about accidental deletion of documents in the S3 bucket
and want a more secure solution.
What should a solutions architect do to secure the audit documents?
(A). Enable the versioning and MFA Delete features on the S3 bucket.
(B). Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) on the IAM user credentials for each audit team IAM
user account.
(C). Add an S3 Lifecycle policy to the audit team's IAM user accounts to deny the s3:DeleteObject
action during audit dates.
(D). Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to encrypt the S3 bucket and restrict audit team
IAM user accounts from accessing the KMS key.
Answer: A

NO.120 A company has a three-tier web application that is deployed on AWS. The web servers are
deployed in a public subnet in a VPC. The application servers and database servers are deployed in
private subnets in the same VPC. The company has deployed a third-party virtual firewall appliance
from AWS Marketplace in an inspection VPC. The appliance is configured with an IP interface that can
accept IP packets.
A solutions architect needs to Integrate the web application with the appliance to inspect all traffic to
the application before the traffic teaches the web server. Which solution will moot these
requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
Answer: D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
49

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/scaling-network-traffic-inspectionusing-aws-ga

NO.121 A company's dynamic website is hosted using on-premises servers in the United States. The
company is launching its product in Europe, and it wants to optimize site loading times for new
European users. The site's backend must remain in the United States. The product is being launched
in a few days, and an immediate solution is needed.
What should the solutions architect recommend?
(A). Launch an Amazon EC2 instance in us-east-1 and migrate the site to it.
(B). Move the website to Amazon S3. Use cross-Region replication between Regions.
(C). Use Amazon CloudFront with a custom origin pointing to the on-premises servers.
(D). Use an Amazon Route 53 geo-proximity routing policy pointing to on-premises servers.
Answer: C

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/pt/blogs/aws/amazon-cloudfront-support-for-custom-origins/ You can now
create a CloudFront distribution using a custom origin. Each distribution will can point to an S3 or to a
custom origin. This could be another storage service, or it could be something more interesting and
more dynamic, such as an EC2 instance or even an Elastic Load Balancer

NO.122 A company is using Amazon CloudFront with this website. The company has enabled logging
on the CloudFront distribution, and logs are saved in one of the company's Amazon S3 buckets The
company needs to perform advanced analyses on the logs and build visualizations What should a
solutions architect do to meet these requirements'?
(A). Use standard SQL queries in Amazon Athena to analyze the CloudFront togs in the S3 bucket
Visualize the results with AWS Glue
(B). Use standard SQL queries in Amazon Athena to analyze the CloudFront togs in the S3 bucket
Visualize the results with Amazon QuickSight
(C). Use standard SQL queries in Amazon DynamoDB to analyze the CloudFront logs m the S3 bucket
Visualize the results with AWS Glue
(D). Use standard SQL queries in Amazon DynamoDB to analyze the CtoudFront logs m the S3 bucket
Visualize the results with Amazon QuickSight
Answer: D

NO.123 A gaming company has a web application that displays scores. The application runs on
Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The application stores data in an
Amazon RDS for MySQL database.
Users are starting to experience long delays and interruptions that are caused by database read
performance.
The company wants to improve the user experience while minimizing changes to the application's
architecture.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Use Amazon ElastiCache in front of the database.
(B). Use RDS Proxy between the application and the database.
(C). Migrate the application from EC2 instances to AWS Lambda.
(D). Migrate the database from Amazon RDS for MySQL to Amazon DynamoDB.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
50
Answer: A

Explanation
ElastiCache can help speed up the read performance of the database by caching frequently accessed
data, reducing latency and allowing the application to access the data more quickly. This solution
requires minimal modifications to the current architecture, as ElastiCache can be used in conjunction
with the existing Amazon RDS for MySQL database.

NO.124 A company's HTTP application is behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB). The NLB's target
group is configured to use an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group with multiple EC2 instances that run
the web service.
The company notices that the NLB is not detecting HTTP errors for the application. These errors
require a manual restart of the EC2 instances that run the web service. The company needs to
improve the application's availability without writing custom scripts or code.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Enable HTTP health checks on the NLB. supplying the URL of the company's application.
(B). Add a cron job to the EC2 instances to check the local application's logs once each minute. If
HTTP errors are detected, the application will restart.
(C). Replace the NLB with an Application Load Balancer. Enable HTTP health checks by supplying the
URL of the company's application. Configure an Auto Scaling action to replace unhealthy instances.
(D). Create an Amazon Cloud Watch alarm that monitors the UnhealthyHostCount metric for the NLB.
Configure an Auto Scaling action to replace unhealthy instances when the alarm is in the ALARM
state.
Answer: C

NO.125 A company has a custom application with embedded credentials that retrieves information
from an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. Management says the application must be made more
secure with the least amount of programming effort.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer master keys (CMKs) to create keys.
Configure the application to load the database credentials from AWS KMS. Enable automatic key
rotation.
(B). Create credentials on the RDS for MySQL database for the application user and store the
credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. Configure the application to load the database credentials from
Secrets Manager. Create an AWS Lambda function that rotates the credentials in Secret Manager.
(C). Create credentials on the RDS for MySQL database for the application user and store the
credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. Configure the application to load the database credentials from
Secrets Manager. Set up a credentials rotation schedule for the application user in the RDS for MySQL
database using Secrets Manager.
(D). Create credentials on the RDS for MySQL database for the application user and store the
credentials in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Configure the application to load the database
credentials from Parameter Store. Set up a credentials rotation schedule for the application user in
the RDS for MySQL database using Parameter Store.
Answer: B

NO.126 A company is building a solution that will report Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling events across all
the applications in an AWS account. The company needs to use a serverless solution to store the EC2
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
51
Auto Scaling status data in Amazon S3. The company then will use the data in Amazon S3 to provide
near-real-time updates in a dashboard. The solution must not affect the speed of EC2 instance
launches.
How should the company move the data to Amazon S3 to meet these requirements?
(A). Use an Amazon CloudWatch metric stream to send the EC2 Auto Scaling status data to Amazon
Kinesis Data Firehose. Store the data in Amazon S3.
(B). Launch an Amazon EMR cluster to collect the EC2 Auto Scaling status data and send the data to
Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. Store the data in Amazon S3.
(C). Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function on a schedule. Configure
the Lambda function to send the EC2 Auto Scaling status data directly to Amazon S3.
(D). Use a bootstrap script during the launch of an EC2 instance to install Amazon Kinesis Agent.
Configure Kinesis Agent to collect the EC2 Auto Scaling status data and send the data to Amazon
Kinesis Data Firehose. Store the data in Amazon S3.
Answer: A

Explanation
You can use metric streams to continually stream CloudWatch metrics to a destination of your
choice, with near-real-time delivery and low latency. One of the use cases is Data Lake: create a
metric stream and direct it to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream that delivers your
CloudWatch metrics to a data lake such as Amazon S3.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-MetricStreams.html

NO.127 A company has an on-premises MySQL database used by the global tales team with
infrequent access patterns.
The sales team requires the database to have minimal downtime. A database administrate wants to
migrate this database to AWS without selecting a particular instance type in anticipation of more
users In the future.
Which service should a solutions architect recommend?
(A). Amazon Aurora MySQL
(B). Amazon Aurora Serverless tor MySQL
(C). Amazon Redshift Spectrum
(D). Amazon RDS for MySQL
Answer: B

NO.128 A company has an on-premises application that generates a large amount of time-sensitive
data that is backed up to Amazon S3. The application has grown and there are user complaints about
internet bandwidth limitations. A solutions architect needs to design a long-term solution that allows
for both timely backups to Amazon S3 and with minimal impact on internet connectivity for internal
users.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Establish AWS VPN connections and proxy all traffic through a VPC gateway endpoint
(B). Establish a new AWS Direct Connect connection and direct backup traffic through this new
connection.
(C). Order daily AWS Snowball devices Load the data onto the Snowball devices and return the
devices to AWS each day.
(D). Submit a support ticket through the AWS Management Console Request the removal of S3
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
52
service limits from the account.
Answer: B

NO.129 A medical records company is hosting an application on Amazon EC2 instances. The
application processes customer data files that are stored on Amazon S3. The EC2 instances are
hosted in public subnets. The EC2 instances access Amazon S3 over the internet, but they do not
require any other network access.
A new requirement mandates that the network traffic for file transfers take a private route and not
be sent over the internet.
Which change to the network architecture should a solutions architect recommend to meet this
requirement?
(A). Create a NAT gateway. Configure the route table for the public subnets to send traffic to Amazon
S3 through the NAT gateway.
(B). Configure the security group for the EC2 instances to restrict outbound traffic so that only traffic
to the S3 prefix list is permitted.
(C). Move the EC2 instances to private subnets. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3, and link the
endpoint to the route table for the private subnets
(D). Remove the internet gateway from the VPC. Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection, and
route traffic to Amazon S3 over the Direct Connect connection.
Answer: C

NO.130 A company has created an image analysis application in which users can upload photos and
add photo frames to their images. The users upload images and metadata to indicate which photo
frames they want to add to their images. The application uses a single Amazon EC2 instance and
Amazon DynamoDB to store the metadata.
The application is becoming more popular, and the number of users is increasing. The company
expects the number of concurrent users to vary significantly depending on the time of day and day of
week. The company must ensure that the application can scale to meet the needs of the growing
user base.
Which solution meats these requirements?
Answer: C

NO.131 A company wants to move a multi-tiered application from on premises to the AWS Cloud to
improve the application's performance. The application consists of application tiers that
communicate with each other by way of RESTful services. Transactions are dropped when one tier
becomes overloaded. A solutions architect must design a solution that resolves these issues and
modernizes the application.
Which solution meets these requirements and is the MOST operationally efficient?
(A). Use Amazon API Gateway and direct transactions to the AWS Lambda functions as the
application layer. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) as the communication layer
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
53
between application services.
(B). Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to analyze the application performance history to determine
the server's peak utilization during the performance failures. Increase the size of the application
server's Amazon EC2 instances to meet the peak requirements.
(C). Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to handle the messaging between
application servers running on Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group. Use Amazon CloudWatch to
monitor the SNS queue length and scale up and down as required.
(D). Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to handle the messaging between application
servers running on Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the
SQS queue length and scale up when communication failures are detected.
Answer: A

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/build-serverless-web-app-lambda-apigateway-s3-
dynamodb-co Build a Serverless Web Application with AWS Lambda, Amazon API Gateway, AWS
Amplify, Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon Cognito. This example showed similar setup as question:
Build a Serverless Web Application with AWS Lambda, Amazon API Gateway, AWS Amplify, Amazon
DynamoDB, and Amazon Cognito

NO.132 A company plans to use Amazon ElastiCache for its multi-tier web application A solutions
architect creates a Cache VPC for the ElastiCache cluster and an App VPC for the application's
Amazon EC2 instances Both VPCs are in the us-east-1 Region The solutions architect must implement
a solution to provide tne application's EC2 instances with access to the ElastiCache cluster Which
solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Create a peering connection between the VPCs Add a route table entry for the peering
connection in both VPCs Configure an inbound rule for the ElastiCache cluster's security group to
allow inbound connection from the application's security group
(B). Create a Transit VPC Update the VPC route tables in the Cache VPC and the App VPC to route
traffic through the Transit VPC Configure an inbound rule for the ElastiCache cluster's security group
to allow inbound connection from the application's security group
(C). Create a peering connection between the VPCs Add a route table entry for the peering
connection in both VPCs Configure an inbound rule for the peering connection's security group to
allow inbound connection from the application's secunty group
(D). Create a Transit VPC Update the VPC route tables in the Cache VPC and the App VPC to route
traffic through the Transit VPC Configure an inbound rule for the Transit VPCs security group to allow
inbound connection from the application's security group
Answer: A

Explanation
Creating a peering connection between the two VPCs and configuring an inbound rule for the
ElastiCache cluster's security group to allow inbound connection from the application's security group
is the most cost-effective solution. Peering connections are free and you only incur the cost of
configuring the security group rules. The Transit VPC solution requires additional VPCs and associated
resources, which would incur additional costs.
Before Testing | AWS Certification Information and Policies | AWS
https://aws.amazon.com/certification/policies/before-testing/

NO.133 A company is using a centralized AWS account to store log data in various Amazon S3
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
54
buckets. A solutions architect needs to ensure that the data is encrypted at rest before the data is
uploaded to the S3 buckets. The data also must be encrypted in transit.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Use client-side encryption to encrypt the data that is being uploaded to the S3 buckets.
(B). Use server-side encryption to encrypt the data that is being uploaded to the S3 buckets.
(C). Create bucket policies that require the use of server-side encryption with S3 managed encryption
keys (SSE-S3) for S3 uploads.
(D). Enable the security option to encrypt the S3 buckets through the use of a default AWS Key
Management Service (AWS KMS) key.
Answer: A

NO.134 A company is hosting a web application from an Amazon S3 bucket. The application uses
Amazon Cognito as an identity provider lo authenticate users and return a JSON Web Token (JWT)
that provides access to protected resources that am restored in another S3 bucket.
Upon deployment of the application, users report errors and are unable to access the protected
content. A solutions architect must resolve this issue by providing proper permissions so that users
can access the protected content.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Update the Amazon Cognito identity pool to assume the proper IAM role for access to the
protected consent.
(B). Update the S3 ACL to allow the application to access the protected content
(C). Redeploy the application to Amazon 33 to prevent eventually consistent reads m the S3 bucket
from affecting the ability of users to access the protected content.
(D). Update the Amazon Cognito pool to use custom attribute mappings within tie Identity pool and
grant users the proper permissions to access the protected content
Answer: B

NO.135 A company hosts a three-tier web application that includes a PostgreSQL database The
database stores the metadata from documents The company searches the metadata for key terms to
retrieve documents that the company reviews in a report each month The documents are stored in
Amazon S3 The documents are usually written only once, but they are updated frequency The
reporting process takes a few hours with the use of relational queries The reporting process must not
affect any document modifications or the addition of new documents.
What are the MOST operationally efficient solutions that meet these requirements? (Select TWO )
(A). Set up a new Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) cluster that includes a read
replica Scale the read replica to generate the reports.
(B). Set up a new Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL Reserved Instance and an On-Demand read replica
Scale the read replica to generate the reports
(C). Set up a new Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster that includes a Reserved Instance and an
Aurora Replica issue queries to the Aurora Replica to generate the reports.
(D). Set up a new Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL Multi-AZ Reserved Instance Configure the reporting
module to query the secondary RDS node so that the reporting module does not affect the primary
node
(E). Set up a new Amazon DynamoDB table to store the documents Use a fixed write capacity to
support new document entries Automatically scale the read capacity to support the reports
Answer: B,C
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
55

NO.136 A bicycle sharing company is developing a multi-tier architecture to track the location of its
bicycles during peak operating hours The company wants to use these data points in its existing
analytics platform A solutions architect must determine the most viable multi-tier option to support
this architecture The data points must be accessible from the REST API.
Which action meets these requirements for storing and retrieving location data?
(A). Use Amazon Athena with Amazon S3
(B). Use Amazon API Gateway with AWS Lambda
(C). Use Amazon QuickSight with Amazon Redshift.
(D). Use Amazon API Gateway with Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/implementations/aws-streaming-data-solution-for-amazonkinesis/

NO.137 A company is running several business applications in three separate VPCs within me useast-1 Region. The applications must be able to communicate between VPCs. The applications also
must be able to consistently send hundreds to gigabytes of data each day to a latency-sensitive
application that runs in a single on-premises data center.
A solutions architect needs to design a network connectivity solution that maximizes costeffectiveness Which solution moots those requirements?
(A). Configure three AWS Site-to-Site VPN connections from the data center to AWS Establish
connectivity by configuring one VPN connection for each VPC
(B). Launch a third-party virtual network appliance in each VPC Establish an iPsec VPN tunnel
between the Data center and each virtual appliance
(C). Set up three AWS Direct Connect connections from the data center to a Direct Connect gateway
in us-east-1 Establish connectivity by configuring each VPC to use one of the Direct Connect
connections
(D). Set up one AWS Direct Connect connection from the data center to AWS. Create a transit
gateway, and attach each VPC to the transit gateway. Establish connectivity between the Direct
Connect connection and the transit gateway.
Answer: D

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-vpc-connectivity-options/aws-direct-connectaws-transit-ga

NO.138 A media company hosts its website on AWS. The website application's architecture includes
a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and a database that is
hosted on Amazon Aurora The company's cyber security teem reports that the application is
vulnerable to SOL injection.
How should the company resolve this issue?
(A). Use AWS WAF in front of the ALB Associate the appropriate web ACLs with AWS WAF.
(B). Create an ALB listener rule to reply to SQL injection with a fixed response
(C). Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced to block all SQL injection attempts automatically.
(D). Set up Amazon Inspector to block all SOL injection attempts automatically
Answer: A
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
56

NO.139 A company uses a 100 GB Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server Single-AZ DB instance in the
us-east-1 Region to store customer transactions. The company needs high availability and automate
recovery for the DB instance.
The companu must also run reports on the RDS database several times a year. The report process
causes transactions to take longer than usual to post to the customer' accounts.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Select TWO.)
(A). Modify the DB instance from a Single-AZ DB instance to a Multi-AZ deployment.
(B). Take a snapshot of the current DB instance. Restore the snapshot to a new RDS deployment in
another Availability Zone.
(C). Create a read replica of the DB instance in a different Availability Zone. Point All requests for
reports to the read replica.
(D). Migrate the database to RDS Custom.
(E). Use RDS Proxy to limit reporting requests to the maintenance window.
Answer: B,D

NO.140 A company wants to migrate its existing on-premises monolithic application to AWS.
The company wants to keep as much of the front- end code and the backend code as possible.
However, the company wants to break the application into smaller applications. A different team will
manage each application. The company needs a highly scalable solution that minimizes operational
overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/microservice-delivery-with-amazon-ecs-and-applicationload-balancers/

NO.141 A company stores its data objects in Amazon S3 Standard storage. A solutions architect has
found that 75% of the data is rarely accessed after 30 days. The company needs all the data to
remain immediately accessible with the same high availability and resiliency, but the company wants
to minimize storage costs.
Which storage solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Move the data objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 30 days.
(B). Move the data objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days.
(C). Move the data objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 30 days.
(D). Move the data objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) immediately.
Answer: B

NO.142 A company wants to run an in-memory database for a latency-sensitive application that
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
57
runs on Amazon EC2 instances. The application processes more than 100,000 transactions each
minute and requires high network throughput. A solutions architect needs to provide a cost-effective
network design that minimizes data transfer charges.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Launch all EC2 instances in the same Availability Zone within the same AWS Region. Specify a
placement group with cluster strategy when launching EC2 instances.
(B). Launch all EC2 instances in different Availability Zones within the same AWS Region. Specify a
placement group with partition strategy when launching EC2 instances.
(C). Deploy an Auto Scaling group to launch EC2 instances in different Availability Zones based on a
network utilization target.
(D). Deploy an Auto Scaling group with a step scaling policy to launch EC2 instances in different
Availability Zones.
Answer: A

NO.143 A company wants to direct its users to a backup static error page if the company's primary
website is unavailable. The primary website's DNS records are hosted in Amazon Route 53. The
domain is pointing to an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The company needs a solution that
minimizes changes and infrastructure overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Update the Route 53 records to use a latency routing policy. Add a static error page that is
hosted in an Amazon S3 bucket to the records so that the traffic is sent to the most responsive
endpoints.
(B). Set up a Route 53 active-passive failover configuration. Direct traffic to a static error page that is
hosted in an Amazon S3 bucket when Route 53 health checks determine that the ALB endpoint is
unhealthy.
(C). Set up a Route 53 active-active configuration with the ALB and an Amazon EC2 instance that
hosts a static error page as endpoints. Configure Route 53 to send requests to the instance only if the
health checks fail for the ALB.
(D). Update the Route 53 records to use a multivalue answer routing policy. Create a health check.
Direct traffic to the website if the health check passes. Direct traffic to a static error page that is
hosted in Amazon S3 if the health check does not pass.
Answer: B

NO.144 A company is designing an application. The application uses an AWS Lambda function to
receive information through Amazon API Gateway and to store the information in an Amazon Aurora
PostgreSQL database.
During the proof-of-concept stage, the company has to increase the Lambda quotas significantly to
handle the high volumes of data that the company needs to load into the database. A solutions
architect must recommend a new design to improve scalability and minimize the configuration effort.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Refactor the Lambda function code to Apache Tomcat code that runs on Amazon EC2 instances.
Connect the database by using native Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) drivers.
(B). Change the platform from Aurora to Amazon DynamoDB. Provision a DynamoDB Accelerator
(DAX) cluster. Use the DAX client SDK to point the existing DynamoDB API calls at the DAX cluster.
(C). Set up two Lambda functions. Configure one function to receive the information. Configure the
other function to load the information into the database. Integrate the Lambda functions by using
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
58
Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).
(D). Set up two Lambda functions. Configure one function to receive the information. Configure the
other function to load the information into the database. Integrate the Lambda functions by using an
Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue.
Answer: B

Explanation
bottlenecks can be avoided with queues (SQS).

NO.145 A company is building an application in the AWS Cloud. The application will store data in
Amazon S3 buckets in two AWS Regions. The company must use an AWS Key Management Service
(AWS KMS) customer managed key to encrypt all data that is stored in the S3 buckets. The data in
both S3 buckets must be encrypted and decrypted with the same KMS key. The data and the key
must be stored in each of the two Regions.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Create an S3 bucket in each Region Configure the S3 buckets to use server-side encryption with
Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3) Configure replication between the S3 buckets.
(B). Create a customer managed multi-Region KMS key. Create an S3 bucket in each Region.
Configure replication between the S3 buckets. Configure the application to use the KMS key with
client-side encryption.
(C). Create a customer managed KMS key and an S3 bucket in each Region Configure the S3 buckets
to use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3) Configure
replication between the S3 buckets.
(D). Create a customer managed KMS key and an S3 bucket m each Region Configure the S3 buckets
to use server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) Configure replication between the S3
buckets.
Answer: B

Explanation
From https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/custom-key-store-overview.html For
most users, the default AWS KMS key store, which is protected by FIPS 140-2 validated cryptographic
modules, fulfills their security requirements. There is no need to add an extra layer of maintenance
responsibility or a dependency on an additional service. However, you might consider creating a
custom key store if your organization has any of the following requirements: Key material cannot be
stored in a shared environment. Key material must be subject to a secondary, independent audit
path. The HSMs that generate and store key material must be certified at FIPS 140-2 Level 3.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/custom-key-store-overview.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/multi-region-keys-overview.html

NO.146 A company wants to move its application to a serverless solution. The serverless solution
needs to analyze existing and new data by using SL. The company stores the data in an Amazon S3
bucket. The data requires encryption and must be replicated to a different AWS Region.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Create a new S3 bucket. Load the data into the new S3 bucket. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication
(CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region. Use server-side encryption
with AWS KMS multi-Region kays (SSE-KMS). Use Amazon Athena to query the data.
(B). Create a new S3 bucket. Load the data into the new S3 bucket. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication
(CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region. Use server-side encryption
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
59
with AWS KMS multi-Region keys (SSE-KMS). Use Amazon RDS to query the data.
(C). Load the data into the existing S3 bucket. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate
encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3
managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). Use Amazon Athena to query the data.
(D). Load the data into the existing S3 bucket. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate
encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in another Region. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3
managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). Use Amazon RDS to query the data.
Answer: A

NO.147 A company is running a multi-tier web application on premises. The web application is
containerized and runs on a number of Linux hosts connected to a PostgreSQL database that contains
user records. The operational overhead of maintaining the infrastructure and capacity planning is
limiting the company's growth. A solutions architect must improve the application's infrastructure.
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to accomplish this? (Choose two.)
(A). Migrate the PostgreSQL database to Amazon Aurora
(B). Migrate the web application to be hosted on Amazon EC2 instances.
(C). Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the web application content.
(D). Set up Amazon ElastiCache between the web application and the PostgreSQL database.
(E). Migrate the web application to be hosted on AWS Fargate with Amazon Elastic Container Service
(Amazon ECS).
Answer: A,E

NO.148 A company has a service that produces event data. The company wants to use AWS to
process the event data as it is received. The data is written in a specific order that must be
maintained throughout processing The company wants to implement a solution that minimizes
operational overhead.
How should a solutions architect accomplish this?
(A). Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue to hold messages Set up an
AWS Lambda function to process messages from the queue
(B). Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to deliver notifications
containing payloads to process Configure an AWS Lambda function as a subscriber.
(C). Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) standard queue to hold messages. Set up
an AWS Lambda function to process messages from the queue independently
(D). Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to deliver notifications
containing payloads to process. Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue as a
subscriber.
Answer: A

Explanation
The details are revealed in below url:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/FIFOqueues.html FIFO (First-In-First-Out) queues are designed to enhance messaging between
applications when the order of operations and events is critical, or where duplicates can't be
tolerated. Examples of situations where you might use FIFO queues include the following: To make
sure that user-entered commands are run in the right order. To display the correct product price by
sending price modifications in the right order. To prevent a student from enrolling in a course before
registering for an account.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
60

NO.149 A company recently launched Linux-based application instances on Amazon EC2 in a private
subnet and launched a Linux-based bastion host on an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet of a
VPC A solutions architect needs to connect from the on-premises network, through the company's
internet connection to the bastion host and to the application servers The solutions architect must
make sure that the security groups of all the EC2 instances will allow that access Which combination
of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Select TWO)
(A). Replace the current security group of the bastion host with one that only allows inbound access
from the application instances
(B). Replace the current security group of the bastion host with one that only allows inbound access
from the internal IP range for the company
(C). Replace the current security group of the bastion host with one that only allows inbound access
from the external IP range for the company
(D). Replace the current security group of the application instances with one that allows inbound SSH
access from only the private IP address of the bastion host
(E). Replace the current security group of the application instances with one that allows inbound SSH
access from only the public IP address of the bastion host
Answer: C,D

Explanation
https://digitalcloud.training/ssh-into-ec2-in-private-subnet/

NO.150 An Amazon EC2 instance is located in a private subnet in a new VPC. This subnet does not
have outbound internet access, but the EC2 instance needs the ability to download monthly security
updates from an outside vendor.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
Answer: B

Explanation
This approach will allow the EC2 instance to access the internet and download the monthly security
updates while still being located in a private subnet. By creating a NAT gateway and placing it in a
public subnet, it will allow the instances in the private subnet to access the internet through the NAT
gateway. And then, configure the private subnet route table to use the NAT gateway as the default
route. This will ensure that all outbound traffic is directed through the NAT gateway, allowing the EC2
instance to access the internet while still maintaining the security of the private subnet.

NO.151 A large media company hosts a web application on AWS. The company wants to start
caching confidential media files so that users around the world will have reliable access to the files.
The content is stored in Amazon S3 buckets. The company must deliver the content quickly,
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
61
regardless of where the requests originate geographically.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Use AWS DataSync to connect the S3 buckets to the web application.
(B). Deploy AWS Global Accelerator to connect the S3 buckets to the web application.
(C). Deploy Amazon CloudFront to connect the S3 buckets to CloudFront edge servers.
(D). Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to connect the S3 buckets to the web
application.
Answer: C

Explanation
CloudFront uses a local cache to provide the response, AWS Global accelerator proxies requests and
connects to the application all the time for the response.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-contentrestricting-access-to-s3

NO.152 A company uses NFS to store large video files in on-premises network attached storage.
Each video file ranges in size from 1MB to 500 GB. The total storage is 70 TB and is no longer growing.
The company decides to migrate the video files to Amazon S3. The company must migrate the video
files as soon as possible while using the least possible network bandwidth.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Create an S3 bucket Create an IAM role that has permissions to write to the S3 bucket. Use the
AWS CLI to copy all files locally to the S3 bucket.
(B). Create an AWS Snowball Edge job. Receive a Snowball Edge device on premises. Use the
Snowball Edge client to transfer data to the device. Return the device so that AWS can import the
data into Amazon S3.
(C). Deploy an S3 File Gateway on premises. Create a public service endpoint to connect to the S3 File
Gateway Create an S3 bucket Create a new NFS file share on the S3 File Gateway Point the new file
share to the S3 bucket. Transfer the data from the existing NFS file share to the S3 File Gateway.
(D). Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection between the on-premises network and AWS. Deploy
an S3 File Gateway on premises. Create a public virtual interlace (VIF) to connect to the S3 File
Gateway.
Create an S3 bucket. Create a new NFS file share on the S3 File Gateway. Point the new file share to
the S3 bucket. Transfer the data from the existing NFS file share to the S3 File Gateway.
Answer: B

NO.153 A company has deployed a database in Amazon RDS for MySQL. Due to increased
transactions, the database support team is reporting slow reads against the DB instance and
recommends adding a read replica.
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take before implementing this change?
(Choose two.)
(A). Enable binlog replication on the RDS primary node.
(B). Choose a failover priority for the source DB instance.
(C). Allow long-running transactions to complete on the source DB instance.
(D). Create a global table and specify the AWS Regions where the table will be available.
(E). Enable automatic backups on the source instance by setting the backup retention period to a
value other than 0.
Answer: C,E
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
62

Explanation
"An active, long-running transaction can slow the process of creating the read replica. We
recommend that you wait for long-running transactions to complete before creating a read replica. If
you create multiple read replicas in parallel from the same source DB instance, Amazon RDS takes
only one snapshot at the start of the first create action. When creating a read replica, there are a few
things to consider. First, you must enable automatic backups on the source DB instance by setting the
backup retention period to a value other than 0.
This requirement also applies to a read replica that is the source DB instance for another read
replica"
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ReadRepl.html

NO.154 A company recently migrated a message processing system to AWS. The system receives
messages into an ActiveMQ queue running on an Amazon EC2 instance. Messages are processed by a
consumer application running on Amazon EC2. The consumer application processes the messages
and writes results to a MySQL database funning on Amazon EC2. The company wants this application
to be highly available with tow operational complexity Which architecture otters the HGHEST
availability?
(A). Add a second ActiveMQ server to another Availably Zone Add an additional consumer EC2
instance in another Availability Zone. Replicate the MySQL database to another Availability Zone.
(B). Use Amazon MO with active/standby brokers configured across two Availability Zones Add an
additional consumer EC2 instance in another Availability Zone. Replicate the MySQL database to
another Availability Zone.
(C). Use Amazon MO with active/standby blotters configured across two Availability Zones. Add an
additional consumer EC2 instance in another Availability Zone. Use Amazon ROS tor MySQL with
Multi-AZ enabled.
(D). Use Amazon MQ with active/standby brokers configured across two Availability Zones Add an
Auto Scaling group for the consumer EC2 instances across two Availability Zones. Use Amazon RDS
for MySQL with Multi-AZ enabled.
Answer: D

NO.155 A company is designing a cloud communications platform that is driven by APIs. The
application is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB). The company
uses Amazon API Gateway to provide external users with access to the application through APIs. The
company wants to protect the platform against web exploits like SQL injection and also wants to
detect and mitigate large, sophisticated DDoS attacks.
Which combination of solutions provides the MOST protection? (Select TWO.)
(A). Use AWS WAF to protect the NLB.
(B). Use AWS Shield Advanced with the NLB.
(C). Use AWS WAF to protect Amazon API Gateway.
(D). Use Amazon GuardDuty with AWS Shield Standard.
(E). Use AWS Shield Standard with Amazon API Gateway.
Answer: B,C

Explanation
AWS Shield Advanced provides expanded DDoS attack protection for your Amazon EC2 instances,
Elastic Load Balancing load balancers, CloudFront distributions, Route 53 hosted zones, and AWS
Global Accelerator standard accelerators.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
63
AWS WAF is a web application firewall that lets you monitor the HTTP and HTTPS requests that are
forwarded to your protected web application resources. You can protect the following resource
types:
Amazon CloudFront distribution
Amazon API Gateway REST API
Application Load Balancer
AWS AppSync GraphQL API
Amazon Cognito user pool
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/what-is-aws-waf.html

NO.156 A company wants to manage Amazon Machine Images (AMIs). The company currently
copies AMIs to the same AWS Region where the AMIs were created. The company needs to design an
application that captures AWS API calls and sends alerts whenever the Amazon EC2 CreateImage API
operation is called within the company's account.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Create an AWS Lambda function to query AWS CloudTrail logs and to send an alert when a
CreateImage API call is detected.
(B). Configure AWS CloudTrail with an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification
that occurs when updated logs are sent to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to create a new table and
to query on CreateImage when an API call is detected.
(C). Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule for the CreateImage API call.
Configure the target as an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to send an alert
when a CreateImage API call is detected.
(D). Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue as a target for AWS
CloudTrail logs. Create an AWS Lambda function to send an alert to an Amazon Simple Notification
Service (Amazon SNS) topic when a CreateImage API call is detected.
Answer: C

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/WindowsGuide/monitor-amievents.html#:~:text=For%20exampl

NO.157 A company has deployed a Java Spring Boot application as a pod that runs on Amazon
Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) in private subnets. The application needs to write data to an
Amazon DynamoDB table. A solutions architect must ensure that the application can interact with
the DynamoDB table without exposing traffic to the internet.
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to accomplish this goal? (Choose
two.)
(A). Attach an IAM role that has sufficient privileges to the EKS pod.
(B). Attach an IAM user that has sufficient privileges to the EKS pod.
(C). Allow outbound connectivity to the DynamoDB table through the private subnets' network ACLs.
(D). Create a VPC endpoint for DynamoDB.
(E). Embed the access keys in the Java Spring Boot code.
Answer: A,D

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/vpc-endpointsdynamodb.html
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
64
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2019/09/amazon-eks-adds-support-to-assign-iampermissions-to
NO.158 A solutions architect must migrate a Windows Internet Information Services (IIS) web
application to AWS The application currently relies on a file share hosted in the user's on-premises
network-attached storage (NAS) The solutions architect has proposed migrating the MS web servers
to Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones that are connected to the storage solution,
and configuring an Elastic Load Balancer attached to the instances Which replacement to the onpremises file share is MOST resilient and durable?
(A). Migrate the file share to Amazon RDS
(B). Migrate the file share to AWS Storage Gateway
(C). Migrate the file share to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
(D). Migrate the file share to Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
Answer: C

NO.159 A company observes an increase in Amazon EC2 costs in its most recent bill The billing team
notices unwanted vertical scaling of instance types for a couple of EC2 instances A solutions architect
needs to create a graph comparing the last 2 months of EC2 costs and perform an in-depth analysis
to identify the root cause of the vertical scaling How should the solutions architect generate the
information with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Use AWS Budgets to create a budget report and compare EC2 costs based on instance types
(B). Use Cost Explorer's granular filtering feature to perform an in-depth analysis of EC2 costs based
on instance types
(C). Use graphs from the AWS Billing and Cost Management dashboard to compare EC2 costs based
on instance types for the last 2 months
(D). Use AWS Cost and Usage Reports to create a report and send it to an Amazon S3 bucket Use
Amazon QuickSight with Amazon S3 as a source to generate an interactive graph based on instance
types.
Answer: B

Explanation
AWS Cost Explorer is a tool that enables you to view and analyze your costs and usage. You can
explore your usage and costs using the main graph, the Cost Explorer cost and usage reports, or the
Cost Explorer RI reports. You can view data for up to the last 12 months, forecast how much you're
likely to spend for the next
12 months, and get recommendations for what Reserved Instances to purchase. You can use Cost
Explorer to identify areas that need further inquiry and see trends that you can use to understand
your costs.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cost-management/latest/userguide/ce-what-is.html

NO.160 A company has a dynamic web application hosted on two Amazon EC2 instances. The
company has its own SSL certificate, which is on each instance to perform SSL termination.
There has been an increase in traffic recently, and the operations team determined that SSL
encryption and decryption is causing the compute capacity of the web servers to reach their
maximum limit.
What should a solutions architect do to increase the application's performance?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
65
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/certificate-manager/:
"With AWS Certificate Manager, you can quickly request a certificate, deploy it on ACM-integrated
AWS resources, such as Elastic Load Balancers, Amazon CloudFront distributions, and APIs on API
Gateway, and let AWS Certificate Manager handle certificate renewals. It also enables you to create
private certificates for your internal resources and manage the certificate lifecycle centrally."

NO.161 A company needs to store data in Amazon S3 and must prevent the data from being
changed. The company wants new objects that are uploaded to Amazon S3 to remain unchangeable
for a nonspecific amount of time until the company decides to modify the objects. Only specific users
in the company's AWS account can have the ability to delete the objects. What should a solutions
architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Create an S3 Glacier vault Apply a write-once, read-many (WORM) vault lock policy to the objects
(B). Create an S3 bucket with S3 Object Lock enabled Enable versioning Set a retention period of 100
years Use governance mode as the S3 bucket's default retention mode for new objects
(C). Create an S3 bucket Use AWS CloudTrail to (rack any S3 API events that modify the objects Upon
notification, restore the modified objects from any backup versions that the company has
(D). Create an S3 bucket with S3 Object Lock enabled Enable versioning Add a legal hold to the
objects Add the s3 PutObjectLegalHold permission to the IAM policies of users who need to delete
the objects
Answer: D

Explanation
"The Object Lock legal hold operation enables you to place a legal hold on an object version. Like
setting a retention period, a legal hold prevents an object version from being overwritten or deleted.
However, a legal hold doesn't have an associated retention period and remains in effect until
removed."
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/batch-ops-legal-hold.html

NO.162 A company runs a web-based portal that provides users with global breaking news, local
alerts, and weather updates. The portal delivers each user a personalized view by using mixture of
static and dynamic content.
Content is served over HTTPS through an API server running on an Amazon EC2 instance behind an
Application Load Balancer (ALB). The company wants the portal to provide this content to its users
across the world as quickly as possible.
How should a solutions architect design the application to ensure the LEAST amount of latency for all
users?
(A). Deploy the application stack in a single AWS Region. Use Amazon CloudFront to serve all static
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
66
and dynamic content by specifying the ALB as an origin.
(B). Deploy the application stack in two AWS Regions. Use an Amazon Route 53 latency routing policy
to serve all content from the ALB in the closest Region.
(C). Deploy the application stack in a single AWS Region. Use Amazon CloudFront to serve the static
content. Serve the dynamic content directly from the ALB.
(D). Deploy the application stack in two AWS Regions. Use an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing
policy to serve all content from the ALB in the closest Region.
Answer: A

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/deliver-your-apps-dynamiccontent-using-amazo

NO.163 A company is launching a new application deployed on an Amazon Elastic Container Service
(Amazon ECS) cluster and is using the Fargate launch type tor ECS tasks The company is monitoring
CPU and memory usage because it is expecting high traffic to the application upon its launch
However the company wants to reduce costs when utilization decreases What should a solutions
architect recommend?
(A). Use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to scale at certain periods based on previous traffic patterns
(B). Use an AWS Lambda function to scale Amazon ECS based on metric breaches that trigger an
Amazon CloudWatch alarm
(C). Use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling with simple scaling policies to scale when ECS metric breaches
trigger an Amazon CloudWatch alarm
(D). Use AWS Application Auto Scaling with target tracking policies to scale when ECS metric breaches
trigger an Amazon CloudWatch alarm
Answer: C

NO.164 A company recently signed a contract with an AWS Managed Service Provider (MSP) Partner
for help with an application migration initiative. A solutions architect needs to share an Amazon
Machine Image (AMI) from an existing AWS account with the MSP Partner's AWS account. The AMI is
backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) and uses a customer managed customer master
key (CMK) to encrypt EBS volume snapshots.
What is the MOST secure way for the solutions architect to share the AMI with the MSP Partner's
AWS account?
(A). Make the encrypted AMI and snapshots publicly available. Modify the CMK's key policy to allow
the MSP Partner's AWS account to use the key
(B). Modify the launchPermission property of the AMI. Share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS
account only. Modify the CMK's key policy to allow the MSP Partner's AWS account to use the key.
(C). Modify the launchPermission property of the AMI Share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS
account only. Modify the CMK's key policy to trust a new CMK that is owned by the MSP Partner for
encryption.
(D). Export the AMI from the source account to an Amazon S3 bucket in the MSP Partner's AWS
account.
Encrypt the S3 bucket with a CMK that is owned by the MSP Partner Copy and launch the AMI in the
MSP Partner's AWS account.
Answer: B

Explanation
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
67
Share the existing KMS key with the MSP external account because it has already been used to
encrypt the AMI snapshot.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/key-policy-modifying-externalaccounts.html

NO.165 A company has one million users that use its mobile app. The company must analyze the
data usage in near-real time. The company also must encrypt the data in near-real time and must
store the data in a centralized location in Apache Parquet format for further processing.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Create an Amazon Kinesis data stream to store the data in Amazon S3. Create an Amazon Kinesis
Data Analytics application to analyze the data. Invoke an AWS Lambda function to send the data to
the Kinesis Data Analytics application.
(B). Create an Amazon Kinesis data stream to store the data in Amazon S3. Create an Amazon EMR
cluster to analyze the data. Invoke an AWS Lambda function to send the data to the EMR cluster.
(C). Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to store the data in Amazon S3. Create
an Amazon EMR cluster to analyze the data.
(D). Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to store the data in Amazon S3. Create
an Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics application to analyze the data
Answer: D

Explanation
This solution will meet the requirements with the least operational overhead as it uses Amazon
Kinesis Data Firehose, which is a fully managed service that can automatically handle the data
collection, data transformation, encryption, and data storage in near-real time. Kinesis Data Firehose
can automatically store the data in Amazon S3 in Apache Parquet format for further processing.
Additionally, it allows you to create an Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics application to analyze the data
in near real-time, with no need to manage any infrastructure or invoke any Lambda function. This
way you can process a large amount of data with the least operational overhead.

NO.166 A company has an AWS Glue extract. transform, and load (ETL) job that runs every day at
the same time. The job processes XML data that is in an Amazon S3 bucket.
New data is added to the S3 bucket every day. A solutions architect notices that AWS Glue is
processing all the data during each run.
What should the solutions architect do to prevent AWS Glue from reprocessing old data?
(A). Edit the job to use job bookmarks.
(B). Edit the job to delete data after the data is processed
(C). Edit the job by setting the NumberOfWorkers field to 1.
(D). Use a FindMatches machine learning (ML) transform.
Answer: C

Explanation
This is the purpose of bookmarks: "AWS Glue tracks data that has already been processed during a
previous run of an ETL job by persisting state information from the job run. This persisted state
information is called a job bookmark. Job bookmarks help AWS Glue maintain state information and
prevent the reprocessing of old data." https://docs.aws.amazon.com/glue/latest/dg/monitorcontinuations.html

NO.167 A solutions architect has created two IAM policies: Policy1 and Policy2. Both policies are
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
68
attached to an IAM group.
A cloud engineer is added as an IAM user to the IAM group. Which action will the cloud engineer be
able to perform?
(A). Deleting IAM users
(B). Deleting directories
(C). Deleting Amazon EC2 instances
(D). Deleting logs from Amazon CloudWatch Logs
Answer: C

Explanation
https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/ds/index.html

NO.168 A company hosts a three-tier ecommerce application on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances.
The instances run in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) All ecommerce
data is stored in an Amazon RDS for ManaDB Multi-AZ DB instance The company wants to optimize
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
69
customer session management during transactions The application must store session data durably
Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Select TWO )
(A). Turn on the sticky sessions feature (session affinity) on the ALB
(B). Use an Amazon DynamoDB table to store customer session information
(C). Deploy an Amazon Cognito user pool to manage user session information
(D). Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster to store customer session information
(E). Use AWS Systems Manager Application Manager in the application to manage user session
information
Answer: A,B

NO.169 A data analytics company wants to migrate its batch processing system to AWS. The
company receives thousands of small data files periodically during the day through FTP. A onpremises batch job processes the data files overnight. However, the batch job takes hours to finish
running.
The company wants the AWS solution to process incoming data files are possible with minimal
changes to the FTP clients that send the files. The solution must delete the incoming data files the
files have been processed successfully. Processing for each file needs to take 3-8 minutes.
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way?
(A). Use an Amazon EC2 instance that runs an FTP server to store incoming files as objects in Amazon
S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use Amazon EventBridge rules to
invoke the job to process the objects nightly from S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. Delete the objects
after the job has processed the objects.
(B). Use an Amazon EC2 instance that runs an FTP server to store incoming files on an Amazon Elastic
Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use Amazon EventBridge
rules to invoke the process the files nightly from the EBS volume. Delete the files after the job has
processed the files.
(C). Use AWS Transfer Family to create an FTP server to store incoming files on an Amazon Elastic
Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use an Amazon S3 event
notification when each files arrives to invoke the job in AWS Batch. Delete the files after the job has
processed the files.
(D). Use AWS Transfer Family to create an FTP server to store incoming files in Amazon S3 Standard.
Create an AWS Lambda function to process the files and to delete the files after they are
proessed.yse an S3 event notification to invoke the lambda function when the fils arrive
Answer: C

NO.170 A company wants to experiment with individual AWS accounts for its engineer team. The
company wants to be notified as soon as the Amazon EC2 instance usage for a given month exceeds a
specific threshold for each account.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Use Cost Explorer to create a daily report of costs by service. Filter the report by EC2 instances.
Configure Cost Explorer to send an Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) notification when a
threshold is exceeded.
(B). Use Cost Explorer to create a monthly report of costs by service. Filter the report by EC2
instances.
Configure Cost Explorer to send an Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) notification when a
threshold is exceeded.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
70
(C). Use AWS Budgets to create a cost budget for each account. Set the period to monthly. Set the
scope to EC2 instances. Set an alert threshold for the budget. Configure an Amazon Simple
Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to receive a notification when a threshold is exceeded.
(D). Use AWS Cost and Usage Reports to create a report with hourly granularity. Integrate the report
data with Amazon Athena. Use Amazon EventBridge to schedule an Athena query. Configure an
Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to receive a notification when a threshold is
exceeded.
Answer: C

Explanation
AWS Budgets allows you to create budgets for your AWS accounts and set alerts when usage exceeds
a certain threshold. By creating a budget for each account, specifying the period as monthly and the
scope as EC2 instances, you can effectively track the EC2 usage for each account and be notified
when a threshold is exceeded. This solution is the most cost-effective option as it does not require
additional resources such as Amazon Athena or Amazon EventBridge.

NO.171 A company is building an application that consists of several microservices. The company
has decided to use container technologies to deploy its software on AWS. The company needs a
solution that minimizes the amount of ongoing effort for maintenance and scaling. The company
cannot manage additional infrastructure.
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose
two.)
(A). Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster.
(B). Deploy the Kubernetes control plane on Amazon EC2 instances that span multiple Availability
Zones.
(C). Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service with an Amazon EC2 launch
type.
Specify a desired task number level of greater than or equal to 2.
(D). Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service with a Fargate launch type.
Specify a desired task number level of greater than or equal to 2.
(E). Deploy Kubernetes worker nodes on Amazon EC2 instances that span multiple Availability Zones.
Create a deployment that specifies two or more replicas for each microservice.
Answer: A,D

Explanation
AWS Fargate is a technology that you can use with Amazon ECS to run containers without having to
manage servers or clusters of Amazon EC2 instances. With Fargate, you no longer have to provision,
configure, or scale clusters of virtual machines to run containers.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/userguide/what-is-fargate.html

NO.172 A company maintains a searchable repository of items on its website. The data is stored in
an Amazon RDS for MySQL database table that contains more than 10 million rows The database has
2 TB of General Purpose SSD storage There are millions of updates against this data every day
through the company's website The company has noticed that some insert operations are taking 10
seconds or longer The company has determined that the database storage performance is the
problem Which solution addresses this performance issue?
(A). Change the storage type to Provisioned IOPS SSD
(B). Change the DB instance to a memory optimized instance class
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
71
(C). Change the DB instance to a burstable performance instance class
(D). Enable Multi-AZ RDS read replicas with MySQL native asynchronous replication.
Answer: A

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/features/
"Provisioned IOPS volumes are backed by solid-state drives (SSDs) and are the highest performance
EBS volumes designed for your critical, I/O intensive database applications.
These volumes are ideal for both IOPS-intensive and throughput-intensive workloads that require
extremely low latency."
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/CHAP_Storage.html

NO.173 A development team has launched a new application that is hosted on Amazon EC2
instances inside a development VPC. A solution architect needs to create a new VPC in the same
account. The new VPC will be peered with the development VPC. The VPC CIDR block for the
development VPC is 192. 168. 00/24. The solutions architect needs to create a CIDR block for the new
VPC. The CIDR block must be valid for a VPC peering connection to the development VPC.
What is the SMALLEST CIOR block that meets these requirements?
(A). 10.0.1.0/32
(B). 192.168.0.0/24
(C). 192.168.1.0/32
(D). 10.0.1.0/24
Answer: A

NO.174 A company has hired an external vendor to perform work in the company's AWS account.
The vendor uses an automated tool that is hosted in an AWS account that the vendor owns. The
vendor does not have IAM access to the company's AWS account.
How should a solutions architect grant this access to the vendor?
(A). Create an IAM role in the company's account to delegate access to the vendor's IAM role. Attach
the appropriate IAM policies to the role for the permissions that the vendor requires.
(B). Create an IAM user in the company's account with a password that meets the password
complexity requirements. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the user for the permissions that
the vendor requires.
(C). Create an IAM group in the company's account. Add the tool's IAM user from the vendor account
to the group. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the group for the permissions that the vendor
requires.
(D). Create a new identity provider by choosing "AWS account" as the provider type in the IAM
console.
Supply the vendor's AWS account ID and user name. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the new
provider for the permissions that the vendor requires.
Answer: A

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_common-scenarios_third-party.html

NO.175 A company is using AWS to design a web application that will process insurance quotes
Users will request quotes from the application Quotes must be separated by quote type, must be
responded to within 24 hours, and must not get lost The solution must maximize operational
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
72
efficiency and must minimize maintenance.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Create multiple Amazon Kinesis data streams based on the quote type Configure the web
application to send messages to the proper data stream Configure each backend group of application
servers to use the Kinesis Client Library (KCL) to pool messages from its own data stream
(B). Create an AWS Lambda function and an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic
for each quote type Subscribe the Lambda function to its associated SNS topic Configure the
application to publish requests tot quotes to the appropriate SNS topic
(C). Create a single Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic Subscribe Amazon Simple
Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues to the SNS topic Configure SNS message filtering to publish
messages to the proper SQS queue based on the quote type Configure each backend application
server to use its own SQS queue
(D). Create multiple Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery streams based on the quote type to
deliver data streams to an Amazon Elasucsearch Service (Amazon ES) cluster Configure the
application to send messages to the proper delivery stream Configure each backend group of
application servers to search for the messages from Amazon ES and process them accordingly
Answer: C

NO.176 An application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance in a VPC. The application processes logs that
are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. The EC2 instance needs to access the S3 bucket without
connectivity to the internet.
Which solution will provide private network connectivity to Amazon S3?
(A). Create a gateway VPC endpoint to the S3 bucket.
(B). Stream the logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Export the logs to the S3 bucket.
(C). Create an instance profile on Amazon EC2 to allow S3 access.
(D). Create an Amazon API Gateway API with a private link to access the S3 endpoint.
Answer: A

Explanation
VPC endpoint allows you to connect to AWS services using a private network instead of using the
public Internet

NO.177 A company runs multiple Windows workloads on AWS. The company's employees use
Windows file shares that are hosted on two Amazon EC2 instances. The file shares synchronize data
between themselves and maintain duplicate copies. The company wants a highly available and
durable storage solution that preserves how users currently access the files.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Migrate all the data to Amazon S3 Set up IAM authentication for users to access files
(B). Set up an Amazon S3 File Gateway. Mount the S3 File Gateway on the existing EC2 Instances.
(C). Extend the file share environment to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server with a Multi-AZ
configuration. Migrate all the data to FSx for Windows File Server.
(D). Extend the file share environment to Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) with a Multi-AZ
configuration. Migrate all the data to Amazon EFS.
Answer: A

NO.178 A company has an Amazon S3 data lake that is governed by AWS Lake Formation The
company wants to create a visualization in Amazon QuickSight by joining the data in the data lake
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
73
with operational data that is stored in an Amazon Aurora MySQL database The company wants to
enforce column-level authorization so that the company's marketing team can access only a subset of
columns in the database Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational
overhead?
(A). Use Amazon EMR to ingest the data directly from the database to the QuickSight SPICE engine
Include only the required columns
(B). Use AWS Glue Studio to ingest the data from the database to the S3 data lake Attach an IAM
policy to the QuickSight users to enforce column-level access control. Use Amazon S3 as the data
source in QuickSight
(C). Use AWS Glue Elastic Views to create a materialized view for the database in Amazon S3 Create
an S3 bucket policy to enforce column-level access control for the QuickSight users Use Amazon S3 as
the data source in QuickSight.
(D). Use a Lake Formation blueprint to ingest the data from the database to the S3 data lake Use Lake
Formation to enforce column-level access control for the QuickSight users Use Amazon Athena as the
data source in QuickSight
Answer: D

NO.179 A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones.
The EC2 instances are in private subnets. A solutions architect implements an internet-facing
Application Load Balancer (ALB) and specifies the EC2 instances as the target group. However, the
internet traffic is not reaching the EC2 instances.
How should the solutions architect reconfigure the architecture to resolve this issue?
(A). Replace the ALB with a Network Load Balancer. Configure a NAT gateway in a public subnet to
allow internet traffic.
(B). Move the EC2 instances to public subnets. Add a rule to the EC2 instances' security groups to
allow outbound traffic to 0.0.0.0/0.
(C). Update the route tables for the EC2 instances' subnets to send 0.0.0.0/0 traffic through the
internet gateway route. Add a rule to the EC2 instances' security groups to allow outbound traffic to
0.0.0.0/0.
(D). Create public subnets in each Availability Zone. Associate the public subnets with the ALB.
Update the route tables for the public subnets with a route to the private subnets.
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/public-load-balancer-private-ec2/

NO.180 A company is planning to move its data to an Amazon S3 bucket. The data must be
encrypted when it is stored in the S3 bucket. Additionally, the encryption key must be automatically
rotated every year.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
74
Answer: C

NO.181 A company runs a photo processing application that needs to frequently upload and
download pictures from Amazon S3 buckets that are located in the same AWS Region. A solutions
architect has noticed an increased cost in data transfer fees and needs to implement a solution to
reduce these costs.
How can the solutions architect meet this requirement?
(A). Deploy Amazon API Gateway into a public subnet and adjust the route table to route S3 calls
through It.
(B). Deploy a NAT gateway into a public subnet and attach an end point policy that allows access to
the S3 buckets.
(C). Deploy the application Into a public subnet and allow it to route through an internet gateway to
access the S3 Buckets
(D). Deploy an S3 VPC gateway endpoint into the VPC and attach an endpoint policy that allows
access to the S3 buckets.
Answer: D

NO.182 A company hosts a web application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances The EC2 instances
are in an Auto Scaling group that scales in response to user demand The company wants to optimize
cost savings without making a long-term commitment Which EC2 instance purchasing option should
a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements'?
(A). Dedicated Instances only
(B). On-Demand Instances only
(C). A mix of On-Demand instances and Spot Instances
(D). A mix of On-Demand instances and Reserved instances
Answer: A

NO.183 An image-processing company has a web application that users use to upload images. The
application uploads the images into an Amazon S3 bucket. The company has set up S3 event
notifications to publish the object creation events to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
standard queue. The SQS queue serves as the event source for an AWS Lambda function that
processes the images and sends the results to users through email.
Users report that they are receiving multiple email messages for every uploaded image. A solutions
architect determines that SQS messages are invoking the Lambda function more than once, resulting
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
75
in multiple email messages.
What should the solutions architect do to resolve this issue with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Set up long polling in the SQS queue by increasing the ReceiveMessage wait time to 30 seconds.
(B). Change the SQS standard queue to an SQS FIFO queue. Use the message deduplication ID to
discard duplicate messages.
(C). Increase the visibility timeout in the SQS queue to a value that is greater than the total of the
function timeout and the batch window timeout.
(D). Modify the Lambda function to delete each message from the SQS queue immediately after the
message is read before processing.
Answer: C

NO.184 A company has an application that generates a large number of files, each approximately 5
MB in size. The files are stored in Amazon S3. Company policy requires the files to be stored for 4
years before they can be deleted Immediate accessibility is always required as the files contain
critical business data that is not easy to reproduce. The files are frequently accessed in the first 30
days of the object creation but are rarely accessed after the first 30 days Which storage solution is
MOST cost-effective?
(A). Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move Mm from S3 Standard to S3 Glacier 30 days from
object creation Delete the Tiles 4 years after object creation
(B). Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move tiles from S3 Standard to S3 One Zone-infrequent
Access (S3 One Zone-IA] 30 days from object creation. Delete the fees 4 years after object creation
(C). Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move files from S3 Standard-infrequent Access (S3
Standard
-lA) 30 from object creation. Delete the ties 4 years after object creation
(D). Create an S3 bucket Lifecycle policy to move files from S3 Standard to S3 Standard-Infrequent
Access (S3 Standard-IA) 30 days from object creation Move the files to S3 Glacier 4 years after object
carton.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/s3/storage-classes/?trk=66264cd8-3b73-416c-9693-
ea7cf4fe846a&sc_channel=ps&s_kw

NO.185 A company has an application that places hundreds of .csv files into an Amazon S3 bucket
every hour. The files are 1 GB in size. Each time a file is uploaded, the company needs to convert the
file to Apache Parquet format and place the output file into an S3 bucket.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Create an AWS Lambda function to download the .csv files, convert the files to Parquet format,
and place the output files in an S3 bucket. Invoke the Lambda function for each S3 PUT event.
(B). Create an Apache Spark job to read the .csv files, convert the files to Parquet format, and place
the output files in an S3 bucket. Create an AWS Lambda function for each S3 PUT event to invoke the
Spark job.
(C). Create an AWS Glue table and an AWS Glue crawler for the S3 bucket where the application
places the
.csv files. Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically use Amazon Athena to query the AWS
Glue table, convert the query results into Parquet format, and place the output files into an S3
bucket.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
76
(D). Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job to convert the .csv files to Parquet
format and place the output files into an S3 bucket. Create an AWS Lambda function for each S3 PUT
event to invoke the ETL job.
Answer: D

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/three-aws-glue-etl-job-typesfor-converting-d

NO.186 A company is running a business-critical web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind
an Application Load Balancer. The EC2 instances are in an Auto Scaling group. The application uses an
Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database that is deployed in a single Availability Zone. The company
wants the application to be highly available with minimum downtime and minimum loss of data.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational effort?
(A). Place the EC2 instances in different AWS Regions. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks to redirect
traffic. Use Aurora PostgreSQL Cross-Region Replication.
(B). Configure the Auto Scaling group to use multiple Availability Zones. Configure the database as
Multi-AZ. Configure an Amazon RDS Proxy instance for the database.
(C). Configure the Auto Scaling group to use one Availability Zone. Generate hourly snapshots of the
database. Recover the database from the snapshots in the event of a failure.
(D). Configure the Auto Scaling group to use multiple AWS Regions. Write the data from the
application to Amazon S3. Use S3 Event Notifications to launch an AWS Lambda function to write the
data to the database.
Answer: B

NO.187 A company recently launched a variety of new workloads on Amazon EC2 instances in its
AWS account. The company needs to create a strategy to access and administer the instances
remotely and securely. The company needs to implement a repeatable process that works with
native AWS services and follows the AWS Well-Architected Framework.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Use the EC2 serial console to directly access the terminal interface of each instance for
administration.
(B). Attach the appropriate IAM role to each existing instance and new instance. Use AWS Systems
Manager Session Manager to establish a remote SSH session.
(C). Create an administrative SSH key pair. Load the public key into each EC2 instance. Deploy a
bastion host in a public subnet to provide a tunnel for administration of each instance.
(D). Establish an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection. Instruct administrators to use their local onpremises machines to connect directly to the instances by using SSH keys across the VPN tunnel.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/setup-launch-managedinstance.html

NO.188 A company runs workloads on AWS. The company needs to connect to a service from an
external provider.
The service is hosted in the provider's VPC. According to the company's security team, the
connectivity must be private and must be restricted to the target service. The connection must be
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
77
initiated only from the company's VPC.
Which solution will mast these requirements?
(A). Create a VPC peering connection between the company's VPC and the provider's VPC. Update
the route table to connect to the target service.
(B). Ask the provider to create a virtual private gateway in its VPC. Use AWS PrivateLink to connect to
the target service.
(C). Create a NAT gateway in a public subnet of the company's VPC. Update the route table to
connect to the target service.
(D). Ask the provider to create a VPC endpoint for the target service. Use AWS PrivateLink to connect
to the target service.
Answer: D

NO.189 A company is storing backup files by using Amazon S3 Standard storage. The files are
accessed frequently for
1 month. However, the files are not accessed after 1 month. The company must keep the files
indefinitely.
Which storage solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Configure S3 Intelligent-Tiering to automatically migrate objects.
(B). Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition objects from S3 Standard to S3 Glacier Deep
Archive after 1 month.
(C). Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition objects from S3 Standard to S3 StandardInfrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 1 month.
(D). Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition objects from S3 Standard to S3 One ZoneInfrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 1 month.
Answer: B

NO.190 A solutions architect is designing a VPC with public and private subnets. The VPC and
subnets use IPv4 CIDR blocks. There is one public subnet and one private subnet in each of three
Availability Zones (AZs) for high availability. An internet gateway is used to provide internet access for
the public subnets. The private subnets require access to the internet to allow Amazon EC2 instances
to download software updates.
What should the solutions architect do to enable Internet access for the private subnets?
Answer: A

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2018/03/introducing-amazon-vpc-nat-gateway-inthe-aws-govclo
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-nat-comparison.html
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
78

NO.191 A solutions architect is designing the architecture for a software demonstration
environment The environment will run on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an
Application Load Balancer (ALB) The system will experience significant increases in traffic during
working hours but Is not required to operate on weekends.
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to ensure that the system can scale
to meet demand? (Select TWO)
(A). Use AWS Auto Scaling to adjust the ALB capacity based on request rate
(B). Use AWS Auto Scaling to scale the capacity of the VPC internet gateway
(C). Launch the EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions to distribute the load across Regions
(D). Use a target tracking scaling policy to scale the Auto Scaling group based on instance CPU
utilization
(E). Use scheduled scaling to change the Auto Scaling group minimum, maximum, and desired
capacity to zero for weekends Revert to the default values at the start of the week
Answer: D,E

NO.192 A company is using a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances to ingest data from on-premises data
sources. The data is in JSON format and Ingestion rates can be as high as 1 MB/s. When an EC2
instance is rebooted, the data in-flight is lost. The company's data science team wants to query
Ingested data In near-real time.
Which solution provides near-real -time data querying that is scalable with minimal data loss?
(A). Publish data to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams Use Kinesis data Analytics to query the data.
(B). Publish data to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose with Amazon Redshift as the destination Use
Amazon Redshift to query the data
(C). Store ingested data m an EC2 Instance store Publish data to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose with
Amazon S3 as the destination. Use Amazon Athena to query the data.
(D). Store ingested data m an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume Publish data to
Amazon ElastiCache tor Red Subscribe to the Redis channel to query the data
Answer: B

NO.193 A company has an event-driven application that invokes AWS Lambda functions up to 800
times each minute with varying runtimes. The Lambda functions access data that is stored in an
Amazon Aurora MySQL OB cluster. The company is noticing connection timeouts as user activity
increases The database shows no signs of being overloaded. CPU. memory, and disk access metrics
are all low.
Which solution will resolve this issue with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Adjust the size of the Aurora MySQL nodes to handle more connections. Configure retry logic in
the Lambda functions for attempts to connect to the database
(B). Set up Amazon ElastiCache tor Redls to cache commonly read items from the database. Configure
the Lambda functions to connect to ElastiCache for reads.
(C). Add an Aurora Replica as a reader node. Configure the Lambda functions to connect to the
reader endpoint of the OB cluster rather than lo the writer endpoint.
(D). Use Amazon ROS Proxy to create a proxy. Set the DB cluster as the target database Configure the
Lambda functions lo connect to the proxy rather than to the DB cluster.
Answer: D

NO.194 A company is running a popular social media website. The website gives users the ability to
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
79
upload images to share with other users. The company wants to make sure that the images do not
contain inappropriate content.
The company needs a solution that minimizes development effort.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Use Amazon Comprehend to detect inappropriate content. Use human review for low-confidence
predictions.
(B). Use Amazon Rekognition to detect inappropriate content. Use human review for low-confidence
predictions.
(C). Use Amazon SageMaker to detect inappropriate content. Use ground truth to label lowconfidence predictions.
(D). Use AWS Fargate to deploy a custom machine learning model to detect inappropriate content.
Use ground truth to label low-confidence predictions.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rekognition/latest/dg/moderation.html?pg=ln&sec=ft
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rekognition/latest/dg/a2i-rekognition.html

NO.195 A development team runs monthly resource-intensive tests on its general purpose Amazon
RDS for MySQL DB instance with Performance Insights enabled. The testing lasts for 48 hours once a
month and is the only process that uses the database. The team wants to reduce the cost of running
the tests without reducing the compute and memory attributes of the DB instance.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Stop the DB instance when tests are completed. Restart the DB instance when required.
(B). Use an Auto Scaling policy with the DB instance to automatically scale when tests are completed.
(C). Create a snapshot when tests are completed. Terminate the DB instance and restore the
snapshot when required.
(D). Modify the DB instance to a low-capacity instance when tests are completed. Modify the DB
instance again when required.
Answer: A

NO.196 A company has an On-premises volume backup solution that has reached its end of life. The
company wants to use AWS as part of a new backup solution and wants to maintain local access to all
the data while it is backed up on AWS. The company wants to ensure that the data backed up on
AWS is automatically and securely transferred.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Use AWS Snowball to migrate data out of the on-premises solution to Amazon S3. Configure onpremises systems to mount the Snowball S3 endpoint to provide local access to the data.
(B). Use AWS Snowball Edge to migrate data out of the on-premises solution to Amazon S3.Use the
Snowball Edge file interface to provide on-premises systems with local access to the data.
(C). Use AWS Storage Gateway and configure a cached volume gateway. Run the Storage Gateway
software application on premises and configure a percentage of data to cache locally. Mount the
gateway storage volumes to provide local access to the data.
(D). Use AWS Storage Gateway and configure a stored volume gateway. Run the Storage software
application on premises and map the gateway storage volumes to on-premises storage. Mount the
gateway storage volumes to provide local access to the data.
Answer: C
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
80

NO.197 A company has a web application that is based on Java and PHP The company plans to move
the application from on premises to AWS The company needs the ability to test new site features
frequently. The company also needs a highly available and managed solution that requires minimum
operational overhead Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Create an Amazon S3 bucket Enable static web hosting on the S3 bucket Upload the static
content to the S3 bucket Use AWS Lambda to process all dynamic content
(B). Deploy the web application to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment Use URL swapping to switch
between multiple Elastic Beanstalk environments for feature testing
(C). Deploy the web application lo Amazon EC2 instances that are configured with Java and PHP Use
Auto Scaling groups and an Application Load Balancer to manage the website's availability
(D). Containerize the web application Deploy the web application to Amazon EC2 instances Use the
AWS Load Balancer Controller to dynamically route traffic between containers thai contain the new
site features for testing
Answer: B

NO.198 An application allows users at a company's headquarters to access product data. The
product data is stored in an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. The operations team has isolated an
application performance slowdown and wants to separate read traffic from write traffic. A solutions
architect needs to optimize the application's performance quickly.
What should the solutions architect recommend?
(A). Change the existing database to a Multi-AZ deployment. Serve the read requests from the
primary Availability Zone.
(B). Change the existing database to a Multi-AZ deployment. Serve the read requests from the
secondary Availability Zone.
(C). Create read replicas for the database. Configure the read replicas with half of the compute and
storage resources as the source database.
(D). Create read replicas for the database. Configure the read replicas with the same compute and
storage resources as the source database.
Answer: D

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_MySQL.Replication.ReadReplicas
.html

NO.199 A company is deploying a two-tier web application in a VPC. The web tier is using an
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group with public subnets that span multiple Availability Zones. The
database tier consists of an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance in separate private subnets. The web
tier requires access to the database to retrieve product information.
The web application is not working as intended. The web application reports that it cannot connect
to the database. The database is confirmed to be up and running. All configurations for the network
ACLs. security groups, and route tables are still in their default states.
What should a solutions architect recommend to fix the application?
(A). Add an explicit rule to the private subnet's network ACL to allow traffic from the web tier's EC2
instances.
(B). Add a route in the VPC route table to allow traffic between the web tier's EC2 instances and Ihe
database tier.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
81
(C). Deploy the web tier's EC2 instances and the database tier's RDS instance into two separate VPCs.
and configure VPC peering.
(D). Add an inbound rule to the security group of the database tier's RDS instance to allow traffic
from the web tier's security group.
Answer: D

NO.200 A company has a web server running on an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet with an
Elastic IP address. The default security group is assigned to the EC2 instance. The default network ACL
has been modified to block all traffic. A solutions architect needs to make the web server accessible
from everywhere on port 443.
Which combination of steps will accomplish this task? (Choose two.)
Answer: A,C

Explanation
The combination of steps that will accomplish the task of making the web server accessible from
everywhere on port 443 is to create a security group with a rule to allow TCP port 443 from source
0.0.0.0/0 (A) and to update the network ACL to allow inbound TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0 (C).
This will ensure that traffic to port 443 is allowed both at the security group level and at the network
ACL level, which will make the web server accessible from everywhere on port 443.

NO.201 A company needs guaranteed Amazon EC2 capacity in three specific Availability Zones in a
specific AWS Region for an upcoming event that will last 1 week.
What should the company do to guarantee the EC2 capacity?
(A). Purchase Reserved instances that specify the Region needed
(B). Create an On Demand Capacity Reservation that specifies the Region needed
(C). Purchase Reserved instances that specify the Region and three Availability Zones needed
(D). Create an On-Demand Capacity Reservation that specifies the Region and three Availability Zones
needed
Answer: D

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-capacity-reservations.html Reserve
instances: You will have to pay for the whole term (1 year or 3years) which is not cost effective

NO.202 A company runs a web application that is backed by Amazon RDS. A new database
administrator caused data loss by accidentally editing information in a database table To help recover
from this type of incident, the company wants the ability to restore the database to its state from 5
minutes before any change within the last
30 days.
Which feature should the solutions architect include in the design to meet this requirement?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
82
(A). Read replicas
(B). Manual snapshots
(C). Automated backups
(D). Multi-AZ deployments
Answer: C

NO.203 A research laboratory needs to process approximately 8 TB of data The laboratory requires
sub-millisecond latencies and a minimum throughput of 6 GBps for the storage subsystem Hundreds
of Amazon EC2 instances that run Amazon Linux will distribute and process the data Which solution
will meet the performance requirements?
(A). Create an Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP file system Set each volume's tiering policy to ALL
Import the raw data into the file system Mount the file system on the EC2 instances
(B). Create an Amazon S3 bucket to stofe the raw data Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system
that uses persistent SSD storage Select the option to import data from and export data to Amazon S3
Mount the file system on the EC2 instances
(C). Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the raw data Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system
that uses persistent HDD storage Select the option to import data from and export data to Amazon
S3 Mount the file system on the EC2 instances
(D). Create an Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP file system Set each volume's tienng policy to NONE.
Import the raw data into the file system Mount the file system on the EC2 instances
Answer: B

Explanation
Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the raw data Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system that
uses persistent SSD storage Select the option to import data from and export data to Amazon S3
Mount the file system on the EC2 instances. Amazon FSx for Lustre uses SSD storage for submillisecond latencies and up to
6 GBps throughput, and can import data from and export data to Amazon S3. Additionally, the option
to select persistent SSD storage will ensure that the data is stored on the disk and not lost if the file
system is stopped.

NO.204 A company runs an application that receives data from thousands of geographically
dispersed remote devices that use UDP The application processes the data immediately and sends a
message back to the device if necessary No data is stored.
The company needs a solution that minimizes latency for the data transmission from the devices. The
solution also must provide rapid failover to another AWS Region Which solution will meet these
requirements?
(A). Configure an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in
each of the two Regions Configure the NLB to invoke an AWS Lambda function to process the data
(B). Use AWS Global Accelerator Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in each of the two Regions as
an endpoint. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the Fargate
launch type Create an ECS service on the cluster Set the ECS service as the target for the NLB Process
the data in Amazon ECS.
(C). Use AWS Global Accelerator Create an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in each of the two
Regions as an endpoint Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the
Fargate launch type Create an ECS service on the cluster. Set the ECS service as the target for the ALB
Process the data in Amazon ECS
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
83
(D). Configure an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy Create an Application Load Balancer (ALB)
in each of the two Regions Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the
Fargate launch type Create an ECS service on the cluster Set the ECS service as the target for the ALB
Process the data in Amazon ECS
Answer: C

NO.205 A company hosts a frontend application that uses an Amazon API Gateway API backend that
is integrated with AWS Lambda When the API receives requests, the Lambda function loads many
libranes Then the Lambda function connects to an Amazon RDS database processes the data and
returns the data to the frontend application. The company wants to ensure that response latency is
as low as possible for all its users with the fewest number of changes to the company's operations
Which solution will meet these requirements'?
(A). Establish a connection between the frontend application and the database to make queries faster
by bypassing the API
(B). Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda function that handles the requests
(C). Cache the results of the queries in Amazon S3 for faster retneval of similar datasets.
(D). Increase the size of the database to increase the number of connections Lambda can establish at
one time
Answer: B

Explanation
Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda function that handles the requests. Provisioned
concurrency allows you to set the amount of compute resources that are available to the Lambda
function, so that it can handle more requests at once and reduce latency. Caching the results of the
queries in Amazon S3 could also help to reduce latency, but it would not be as effective as setting up
provisioned concurrency.
Increasing the size of the database would not help to reduce latency, as this would not increase the
number of connections the Lambda function could establish, and establishing a direct connection
between the frontend application and the database would bypass the API, which would not be the
best solution either.
Using AWS Lambda with Amazon API Gateway - AWS Lambda
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/services-apigateway.html
AWS Lambda FAQs
https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/faqs/

NO.206 A company wants to implement a disaster recovery plan for its primary on-premises file
storage volume. The file storage volume is mounted from an Internet Small Computer Systems
Interface (iSCSI) device on a local storage server. The file storage volume holds hundreds of terabytes
(TB) of data.
The company wants to ensure that end users retain immediate access to all file types from the onpremises systems without experiencing latency.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of change to the company's
existing infrastructure?
(A). Provision an Amazon S3 File Gateway as a virtual machine (VM) that is hosted on premises. Set
the local cache to 10 TB. Modify existing applications to access the files through the NFS protocol. To
recover from a disaster, provision an Amazon EC2 instance and mount the S3 bucket that contains
the files.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
84
(B). Provision an AWS Storage Gateway tape gateway. Use a data backup solution to back up all
existing data to a virtual tape library. Configure the data backup solution to run nightly after the
initial backup is complete. To recover from a disaster, provision an Amazon EC2 instance and restore
the data to an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume from the volumes in the virtual tape
library.
(C). Provision an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway cached volume. Set the local cache to 10 TB
.
Mount the Volume Gateway cached volume to the existing file server by using iSCSI. and copy all files
to the storage volume. Configure scheduled snapshots of the storage volume. To recover from a
disaster, restore a snapshot to an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume and attach the
EBS volume to an Amazon EC2 instance.
(D). Provision an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway stored volume with the same amount of
disk space as the existing file storage volume. Mount the Volume Gateway stored volume to the
existing file server by using iSCSI, and copy all files to the storage volume. Configure scheduled
snapshots of the storage volume. To recover from a disaster, restore a snapshot to an Amazon Elastic
Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume and attach the EBS volume to an Amazon EC2 instance.
Answer: C

NO.207 A company has hundreds of Amazon EC2 Linux-based instances in the AWS Cloud. Systems
administrators have used shared SSH keys to manage the instances After a recent audit, the
company's security team is mandating the removal of all shared keys. A solutions architect must
design a solution that provides secure access to the EC2 instances.
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST amount of administrative overhead?
(A). Use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager to connect to the EC2 instances.
(B). Use AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) to generate one-time SSH keys on demand.
(C). Allow shared SSH access to a set of bastion instances. Configure all other instances to allow only
SSH access from the bastion instances
(D). Use an Amazon Cognito custom authorizer to authenticate users. Invoke an AWS Lambda
function to generate a temporary SSH key.
Answer: B

NO.208 At part of budget planning. management wants a report of AWS billed dams listed by user.
The data will be used to create department budgets. A solution architect needs to determine the
most efficient way to obtain this report Information Which solution meets these requirement?
(A). Run a query with Amazon Athena to generate the report.
(B). Create a report in Cost Explorer and download the report
(C). Access the bill details from the runing dashboard and download Via bill.
(D). Modify a cost budget in AWS Budgets to alert with Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES).
Answer: B

NO.209 A company has a serverless website with millions of objects in an Amazon S3 bucket. The
company uses the S3 bucket as the origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The company did
not set encryption on the S3 bucket before the objects were loaded. A solutions architect needs to
enable encryption for all existing objects and for all objects that are added to the S3 bucket in the
future.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of effort?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
85
(A). Create a new S3 bucket. Turn on the default encryption settings for the new S3 bucket. Download
all existing objects to temporary local storage. Upload the objects to the new S3 bucket.
(B). Turn on the default encryption settings for the S3 bucket. Use the S3 Inventory feature to create
a .csv file that lists the unencrypted objects. Run an S3 Batch Operations job that uses the copy
command to encrypt those objects.
(C). Create a new encryption key by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Change the
settings on the S3 bucket to use server-side encryption with AWS KMS managed encryption keys
(SSE-KMS). Turn on versioning for the S3 bucket.
(D). Navigate to Amazon S3 in the AWS Management Console. Browse the S3 bucket's objects. Sort
by the encryption field. Select each unencrypted object. Use the Modify button to apply default
encryption settings to every unencrypted object in the S3 bucket.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://spin.atomicobject.com/2020/09/15/aws-s3-encrypt-existing-objects/

NO.210 A company runs a fleet of web servers using an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance
After a routine compliance check, the company sets a standard that requires a recovery pant
objective (RPO) of less than 1 second for all its production databases.
Which solution meets these requirement?
Answer: A

NO.211 A solutions architect is designing a new API using Amazon API Gateway that will receive
requests from users. The volume of requests is highly variable; several hours can pass without
receiving a single request. The data processing will take place asynchronously, but should be
completed within a few seconds after a request is made.
Which compute service should the solutions architect have the API invoke to deliver the
requirements at the lowest cost?
(A). An AWS Glue job
(B). An AWS Lambda function
(C). A containerized service hosted in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
(D). A containerized service hosted in Amazon ECS with Amazon EC2
Answer: B

Explanation
API Gateway + Lambda is the perfect solution for modern applications with serverless architecture.

NO.212 A company is preparing to store confidential data in Amazon S3 For compliance reasons the
data must be encrypted at rest Encryption key usage must be logged tor auditing purposes. Keys
must be rotated every year.
Which solution meets these requirements and is the MOST operationally efferent?
(A). Server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C)
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
86
(B). Server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3)
(C). Server-side encryption with AWS KMS (SSE-KMS) customer master keys (CMKs) with manual
rotation
(D). Server-side encryption with AWS KMS (SSE-KMS) customer master keys (CMKs) with automate
rotation
Answer: D

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/rotate-keys.html
When you enable automatic key rotation for a customer managed key, AWS KMS generates new
cryptographic material for the KMS key every year. AWS KMS also saves the KMS key's older
cryptographic material in perpetuity so it can be used to decrypt data that the KMS key encrypted.
Key rotation in AWS KMS is a cryptographic best practice that is designed to be transparent and easy
to use.
AWS KMS supports optional automatic key rotation only for customer managed CMKs. Enable and
disable key rotation. Automatic key rotation is disabled by default on customer managed CMKs.
When you enable (or re-enable) key rotation, AWS KMS automatically rotates the CMK 365 days after
the enable date and every
365 days thereafter.

NO.213 A company is launching a new application and will display application metrics on an Amazon
CloudWatch dashboard. The company's product manager needs to access this dashboard
periodically. The product manager does not have an AWS account. A solution architect must provide
access to the product manager by following the principle of least privilege.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Share the dashboard from the CloudWatch console. Enter the product manager's email address,
and complete the sharing steps. Provide a shareable link for the dashboard to the product manager.
(B). Create an IAM user specifically for the product manager. Attach the CloudWatch Read Only
Access managed policy to the user. Share the new login credential with the product manager. Share
the browser URL of the correct dashboard with the product manager.
(C). Create an IAM user for the company's employees, Attach the View Only Access AWS managed
policy to the IAM user. Share the new login credentials with the product manager. Ask the product
manager to navigate to the CloudWatch console and locate the dashboard by name in the
Dashboards section.
(D). Deploy a bastion server in a public subnet. When the product manager requires access to the
dashboard, start the server and share the RDP credentials. On the bastion server, ensure that the
browser is configured to open the dashboard URL with cached AWS credentials that have appropriate
permissions to view the dashboard.
Answer: B

NO.214 A solution architect needs to assign a new microsoft for a company's application. Clients
must be able to call an HTTPS endpoint to reach the micoservice. The microservice also must use
AWS identity and Access Management (IAM) to authentication calls. The soltions architect will write
the logic for this microservice by using a single AWS Lambda function that is written in Go 1.x.
Which solution will deploy the function in the in the MOST operationally efficient way?
(A). Create an Amazon API Gateway REST API. Configure the method to use the Lambda function.
Enable IAM authentication on the API.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
87
(B). Create a Lambda function URL for the function. Specify AWS_IAM as the authentication type.
(C). Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Deploy the function to Lambda@Edge. Integrate IAM
authentication logic into the Lambda@Edge function.
(D). Create an Amazon CloudFront distribuion. Deploy the function to CloudFront Functions. Specify
AWS_IAM as the authentication type.
Answer: A

NO.215 An application running on an Amazon EC2 instance in VPC-A needs to access files in another
EC2 instance in VPC-B. Both VPCs are in separate AWS accounts. The network administrator needs to
design a solution to configure secure access to EC2 instance in VPC-B from VPC-A. The connectivity
should not have a single point of failure or bandwidth concerns.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Set up a VPC peering connection between VPC-A and VPC-B.
(B). Set up VPC gateway endpoints for the EC2 instance running in VPC-B.
(C). Attach a virtual private gateway to VPC-B and set up routing from VPC-A.
(D). Create a private virtual interface (VIF) for the EC2 instance running in VPC-B and add appropriate
routes from VPC-A.
Answer: A

Explanation
AWS uses the existing infrastructure of a VPC to create a VPC peering connection; it is neither a
gateway nor a VPN connection, and does not rely on a separate piece of physical hardware. There is
no single point of failure for communication or a bandwidth bottleneck.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/what-is-vpc-peering.html

NO.216 A company needs to move data from an Amazon EC2 instance to an Amazon S3 bucket. The
company must ensure that no API calls and no data are routed through public internet routes. Only
the EC2 instance can have access to upload data to the S3 bucket.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Create an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the subnet where the EC2 instance is located.
Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance's IAM role for access.
(B). Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the Availability Zone where the EC2 instance is
located. Attach appropriate security groups to the endpoint. Attach a resource policy lo the S3 bucket
to only allow the EC2 instance's IAM role for access.
(C). Run the nslookup tool from inside the EC2 instance to obtain the private IP address of the S3
bucket's service API endpoint. Create a route in the VPC route table to provide the EC2 instance with
access to the S3 bucket. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance's
IAM role for access.
(D). Use the AWS provided, publicly available ip-ranges.json tile to obtain the private IP address of
the S3 bucket's service API endpoint. Create a route in the VPC route table to provide the EC2
instance with access to the S3 bucket. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2
instance's IAM role for access.
Answer: A

Explanation
(https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-restrict-amazon-s3-bucket-access-to-a-specific-iamrole/)
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
88

NO.217 A solutions architect is designing a new hybrid architecture to extend a company s onpremises infrastructure to AWS The company requires a highly available connection with consistent
low latency to an AWS Region.
The company needs to minimize costs and is willing to accept slower traffic if the primary connection
fails.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region Provision a VPN connection as a backup
if the primary Direct Connect connection fails.
(B). Provision a VPN tunnel connection to a Region for private connectivity. Provision a second VPN
tunnel for private connectivity and as a backup if the primary VPN connection fails.
(C). Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region Provision a second Direct Connect
connection to the same Region as a backup if the primary Direct Connect connection fails.
(D). Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region Use the Direct Connect failover
attribute from the AWS CLI to automatically create a backup connection if the primary Direct Connect
connection fails.
Answer: A

Explanation
"In some cases, this connection alone is not enough. It is always better to guarantee a fallback
connection as the backup of DX. There are several options, but implementing it with an AWS Site-ToSite VPN is a real cost-effective solution that can be exploited to reduce costs or, in the meantime,
wait for the setup of a second DX."
https://www.proud2becloud.com/hybrid-cloud-networking-backup-aws-direct-connect-networkconnection-with

NO.218 A company needs to review its AWS Cloud deployment to ensure that its Amazon S3 buckets
do not have unauthorized configuration changes.
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this goal?
(A). Turn on AWS Config with the appropriate rules.
(B). Turn on AWS Trusted Advisor with the appropriate checks.
(C). Turn on Amazon Inspector with the appropriate assessment template.
(D). Turn on Amazon S3 server access logging. Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon Cloud Watch
Events).
Answer: D

NO.219 A company hosts multiple production applications. One of the applications consists of
resources from Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, Amazon RDS, Amazon Simple Notification Service
(Amazon SNS), and Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) across multiple AWS Regions. All
company resources are tagged with a tag name of "application" and a value that corresponds to each
application. A solutions architect must provide the quickest solution for identifying all of the tagged
components.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Use AWS CloudTrail to generate a list of resources with the application tag.
(B). Use the AWS CLI to query each service across all Regions to report the tagged components.
(C). Run a query in Amazon CloudWatch Logs Insights to report on the components with the
application tag.
(D). Run a query with the AWS Resource Groups Tag Editor to report on the resources globally with
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
89
the application tag.
Answer: D

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/tag-editor/latest/userguide/tagging.html

NO.220 A company provides an online service for posting video content and transcoding it for use
by any mobile platform. The application architecture uses Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
Standard to collect and store the videos so that multiple Amazon EC2 Linux instances can access the
video content for processing As the popularity of the service has grown over time, the storage costs
have become too expensive.
Which storage solution is MOST cost-effective?
Answer: D

NO.221 A company receives 10 TB of instrumentation data each day from several machines located
at a single factory.
The data consists of JSON files stored on a storage area network (SAN) in an on-premises data center
located within the factory. The company wants to send this data to Amazon S3 where it can be
accessed by several additional systems that provide critical near-real-lime analytics. A secure transfer
is important because the data is considered sensitive.
Which solution offers the MOST reliable data transfer?
(A). AWS DataSync over public internet
(B). AWS DataSync over AWS Direct Connect
(C). AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) over public internet
(D). AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) over AWS Direct Connect
Answer: B

Explanation
These are some of the main use cases for AWS DataSync: * Data migration - Move active datasets
rapidly over the network into Amazon S3, Amazon EFS, or FSx for Windows File Server. DataSync
includes automatic encryption and data integrity validation to help make sure that your data arrives
securely, intact, and ready to use.
"DataSync includes encryption and integrity validation to help make sure your data arrives securely,
intact, and ready to use." https://aws.amazon.com/datasync/faqs/

NO.222 A company uses a payment processing system that requires messages for a particular
payment ID to be received in the same order that they were sent Otherwise, the payments might be
processed incorrectly.
Which actions should a solutions architect take to meet this requirement? (Select TWO.)
(A). Write the messages to an Amazon DynamoDB table with the payment ID as the partition key
(B). Write the messages to an Amazon Kinesis data stream with the payment ID as the partition key.
(C). Write the messages to an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached cluster with the payment ID as the
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
90
key
(D). Write the messages to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue Set the message
attribute to use the payment ID
(E). Write the messages to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue. Set the
message group to use the payment ID.
Answer: A,E

NO.223 A company plans to use Amazon ElastiCache for its multi-tier web application. A solutions
architect creates a Cache VPC for the ElastiCache cluster and an App VPC for the application's
Amazon EC2 instances. Both VPCs are in the us-east-1 Region.
The solutions architect must implement a solution to provide the application's EC2 instances with
access to the ElastiCache cluster.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Create a peering connection between the VPCs. Add a route table entry for the peering
connection in both VPCs. Configure an inbound rule for the ElastiCache cluster's security group to
allow inbound connection from the application's security group.
(B). Create a Transit VPC. Update the VPC route tables in the Cache VPC and the App VPC to route
traffic through the Transit VPC. Configure an inbound rule for the ElastiCache cluster's security group
to allow inbound connection from the application's security group.
(C). Create a peering connection between the VPCs. Add a route table entry for the peering
connection in both VPCs. Configure an inbound rule for the peering connection's security group to
allow inbound connection from the application's security group.
(D). Create a Transit VPC. Update the VPC route tables in the Cache VPC and the App VPC to route
traffic through the Transit VPC. Configure an inbound rule for the Transit VPC's security group to
allow inbound connection from the application's security group.
Answer: A

Explanation
Creating a peering connection between the VPCs allows the application's EC2 instances to
communicate with the ElastiCache cluster directly and efficiently. This is the most cost-effective
solution as it does not involve creating additional resources such as a Transit VPC, and it does not
incur additional costs for traffic passing through the Transit VPC. Additionally, it is also more secure
as it allows you to configure a more restrictive security group rule to allow inbound connection from
only the application's security group.

NO.224 A company recently migrated its entire IT environment to the AWS Cloud. The company
discovers that users are provisioning oversized Amazon EC2 instances and modifying security group
rules without using the appropriate change control process A solutions architect must devise a
strategy to track and audit these inventory and configuration changes.
Which actions should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Select TWO )
(A). Enable AWS CloudTrail and use it for auditing
(B). Use data lifecycie policies for the Amazon EC2 instances
(C). Enable AWS Trusted Advisor and reference the security dashboard
(D). Enable AWS Config and create rules for auditing and compliance purposes
(E). Restore previous resource configurations with an AWS CloudFormation template
Answer: A,D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
91

NO.225 A company has several web servers that need to frequently access a common Amazon RDS
MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance The company wants a secure method for the web servers to connect to
the database while meeting a security requirement to rotate user credentials frequently.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Store the database user credentials in AWS Secrets Manager Grant the necessary IAM
permissions to allow the web servers to access AWS Secrets Manager
(B). Store the database user credentials in AWS Systems Manager OpsCenter Grant the necessary
IAM permissions to allow the web servers to access OpsCenter
(C). Store the database user credentials in a secure Amazon S3 bucket Grant the necessary IAM
permissions to allow the web servers to retrieve credentials and access the database.
(D). Store the database user credentials in files encrypted with AWS Key Management Service (AWS
KMS) on the web server file system. The web server should be able to decrypt the files and access the
database
Answer: A

Explanation
AWS Secrets Manager helps you protect secrets needed to access your applications, services, and IT
resources. The service enables you to easily rotate, manage, and retrieve database credentials, API
keys, and other secrets throughout their lifecycle.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/intro.html
Secrets Manager enables you to replace hardcoded credentials in your code, including passwords,
with an API call to Secrets Manager to retrieve the secret programmatically. This helps ensure the
secret can't be compromised by someone examining your code, because the secret no longer exists
in the code. Also, you can configure Secrets Manager to automatically rotate the secret for you
according to a specified schedule. This enables you to replace long-term secrets with short-term
ones, significantly reducing the risk of compromise.

NO.226 A global company hosts its web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application
Load Balancer (ALB). The web application has static data and dynamic data. The company stores its
static data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company wants to improve performance and reduce latency
for the static data and dynamic data. The company is using its own domain name registered with
Amazon Route 53.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has the S3 bucket and the ALB as origins
Configure Route 53 to route traffic to the CloudFront distribution.
(B). Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has the ALB as an origin Create an AWS Global
Accelerator standard accelerator that has the S3 bucket as an endpoint. Configure Route 53 to route
traffic to the CloudFront distribution.
(C). Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has the S3 bucket as an origin Create an AWS
Global Accelerator standard accelerator that has the ALB and the CloudFront distribution as
endpoints Create a custom domain name that points to the accelerator DNS name Use the custom
domain name as an endpoint for the web application.
(D). Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has the ALB as an origin C. Create an AWS Global
Accelerator standard accelerator that has the S3 bucket as an endpoint Create two domain names.
Point one domain name to the CloudFront DNS name for dynamic content, Point the other domain
name to the accelerator DNS name for static content Use the domain names as endpoints for the
web application.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
92
Answer: C

Explanation
Static content can be cached at Cloud front Edge locations from S3 and dynamic content EC2 behind
the ALB whose performance can be improved by Global Accelerator whose one endpoint is ALB and
other Cloud front.
So with regards to custom domain name endpoint is web application is R53 alias records for the
custom domain point to web application
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/improving-availability-andperformance-for-app

NO.227 A company's website provides users with downloadable historical performance reports. The
website needs a solution that will scale to meet the company's website demands globally. The
solution should be cost-effective, limit the provisioning of infrastructure resources, and provide the
fastest possible response time.
Which combination should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
(A). Amazon CloudFront and Amazon S3
(B). AWS Lambda and Amazon DynamoDB
(C). Application Load Balancer with Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
(D). Amazon Route 53 with internal Application Load Balancers
Answer: A

Explanation
Cloudfront for rapid response and s3 to minimize infrastructure.

NO.228 A company hosts more than 300 global websites and applications. The company requires a
platform to analyze more than 30 TB of clickstream data each day.
What should a solutions architect do to transmit and process the clickstream data?
(A). Design an AWS Data Pipeline to archive the data to an Amazon S3 bucket and run an Amazon
EMR duster with the data to generate analytics
(B). Create an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances to process the data and send it to an
Amazon S3 data lake for Amazon Redshift to use tor analysis
(C). Cache the data to Amazon CloudFron: Store the data in an Amazon S3 bucket When an object is
added to the S3 bucket, run an AWS Lambda function to process the data tor analysis.
(D). Collect the data from Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to
transmit the data to an Amazon S3 data lake Load the data in Amazon Redshift for analysis
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/es/blogs/big-data/real-time-analytics-with-amazon-redshift-streamingingestion/

NO.229 A company is moving its data management application to AWS. The company wants to
transition to an event-driven architecture. The architecture needs to the more distributed and to use
serverless concepts whit performing the different aspects of the workflow. The company also wants
to minimize operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Build out the workflow in AWS Glue Use AWS Glue to invoke AWS Lambda functions to process
the workflow slaps
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
93
(B). Build out the workflow in AWS Step Functions Deploy the application on Amazon EC2 Instances
Use Step Functions to invoke the workflow steps on the EC2 instances
(C). Build out the workflow in Amazon EventBridge. Use EventBridge to invoke AWS Lambda
functions on a schedule to process the workflow steps.
(D). Build out the workflow m AWS Step Functions Use Step Functions to create a stale machine Use
the stale machine to invoke AWS Lambda functions to process the workflow steps
Answer: C

NO.230 A company has deployed a server less application that invokes an AWS Lambda function
when new documents are uploaded to an Amazon S3 bucket The application uses the Lambda
function to process the documents After a recent marketing campaign the company noticed that the
application did not process many of The documents What should a solutions architect do to improve
the architecture of this application?
Answer: B

NO.231 A company runs an on-premises application that is powered by a MySQL database The
company is migrating the application to AWS to Increase the application's elasticity and availability
The current architecture shows heavy read activity on the database during times of normal operation
Every 4 hours the company's development team pulls a full export of the production database to
populate a database in the staging environment During this period, users experience unacceptable
application latency The development team is unable to use the staging environment until the
procedure completes A solutions architect must recommend replacement architecture that alleviates
the application latency issue The replacement architecture also must give the development team the
ability to continue using the staging environment without delay Which solution meets these
requirements?
(A). Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production. Populate the staging
database by implementing a backup and restore process that uses the mysqldump utility.
(B). Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production Use database cloning to
create the staging database on-demand
(C). Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Mufti AZ deployment and read replicas for production Use the
standby instance tor the staging database.
(D). Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ deployment and read replicas for production.
Populate the staging database by implementing a backup and restore process that uses the
mysqldump utility.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-aurora-fast-database-cloning/

NO.232 A company needs to configure a real-time data ingestion architecture for its application. The
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
94
company needs an API, a process that transforms data as the data is streamed, and a storage solution
for the data.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance to host an API that sends data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream
.
Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream that uses the Kinesis data stream as a data
source. Use AWS Lambda functions to transform the data. Use the Kinesis Data Firehose delivery
stream to send the data to Amazon S3.
(B). Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance to host an API that sends data to AWS Glue. Stop
source/destination checking on the EC2 instance. Use AWS Glue to transform the data and to send
the data to Amazon S3.
(C). Configure an Amazon API Gateway API to send data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream. Create an
Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream that uses the Kinesis data stream as a data source. Use
AWS Lambda functions to transform the data. Use the Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to send
the data to Amazon S3.
(D). Configure an Amazon API Gateway API to send data to AWS Glue. Use AWS Lambda functions to
transform the data. Use AWS Glue to send the data to Amazon S3.
Answer: C

NO.233 An image-hosting company stores its objects in Amazon S3 buckets. The company wants to
avoid accidental exposure of the objects in the S3 buckets to the public. All S3 objects in the entire
AWS account need to remain private Which solution will meal these requirements?
(A). Use Amazon GuardDuty to monitor S3 bucket policies Create an automatic remediation action
rule that uses an AWS Lambda function to remediate any change that makes the objects public
(B). Use AWS Trusted Advisor to find publicly accessible S3 Dockets Configure email notifications In
Trusted Advisor when a change is detected manually change the S3 bucket policy if it allows public
access
(C). Use AWS Resource Access Manager to find publicly accessible S3 buckets Use Amazon Simple
Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to invoke an AWS Lambda function when a change it detected.
Deploy a Lambda function that programmatically remediates the change.
(D). Use the S3 Block Public Access feature on the account level. Use AWS Organizations to create a
service control policy (SCP) that prevents IAM users from changing the setting Apply tie SCP to tie
account
Answer: D

NO.234 A company uses AWS Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts for different
departments. The management account has an Amazon S3 bucket that contains project reports. The
company wants to limit access to this S3 bucket to only users of accounts within the organization in
AWS Organizations.
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?
(A). Add the aws:PrincipalOrgID global condition key with a reference to the organization ID to the S3
bucket policy.
(B). Create an organizational unit (OU) for each department. Add the aws:PrincipalOrgPaths global
condition key to the S3 bucket policy.
(C). Use AWS CloudTrail to monitor the CreateAccount, InviteAccountToOrganization,
LeaveOrganization, and RemoveAccountFromOrganization events. Update the S3 bucket policy
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
95
accordingly.
(D). Tag each user that needs access to the S3 bucket. Add the aws:PrincipalTag global condition key
to the S3 bucket policy.
Answer: A

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/control-access-to-aws-resources-by-using-the-awsorganization-of-iam-p The aws:PrincipalOrgID global key provides an alternative to listing all the
account IDs for all AWS accounts in an organization. For example, the following Amazon S3 bucket
policy allows members of any account in the XXX organization to add an object into the examtopics
bucket.
{"Version": "2020-09-10",
"Statement": {
"Sid": "AllowPutObject",
"Effect": "Allow",
"Principal": "*",
"Action": "s3:PutObject",
"Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::examtopics/*",
"Condition": {"StringEquals":
{"aws:PrincipalOrgID":["XXX"]}}}}
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_condition-keys.html

NO.235 A solutions architect has created a new AWS account and must secure AWS account root
user access.
Which combination of actions will accomplish this? (Choose two.)
(A). Ensure the root user uses a strong password.
(B). Enable multi-factor authentication to the root user.
(C). Store root user access keys in an encrypted Amazon S3 bucket.
(D). Add the root user to a group containing administrative permissions.
(E). Apply the required permissions to the root user with an inline policy document.
Answer: A,B

NO.236 A company runs an application on a large fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The application
reads and write entries into an Amazon DynamoDB table. The size of the DynamoDB table
continuously grows, but the application needs only data from the last 30 days. The company needs a
solution that minimizes cost and development effort.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Use an AWS CloudFormation template to deploy the complete solution. Redeploy the
CloudFormation stack every 30 days, and delete the original stack.
(B). Use an EC2 instance that runs a monitoring application from AWS Marketplace. Configure the
monitoring application to use Amazon DynamoDB Streams to store the timestamp when a new item
is created in the table. Use a script that runs on the EC2 instance to delete items that have a
timestamp that is older than 30 days.
(C). Configure Amazon DynamoDB Streams to invoke an AWS Lambda function when a new item is
created in the table. Configure the Lambda function to delete items in the table that are older than
30 days.
(D). Extend the application to add an attribute that has a value of the current timestamp plus 30 days
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
96
to each new item that is created in the table. Configure DynamoDB to use the attribute as the TTL
attribute.
Answer: D

Explanation
Amazon DynamoDB Time to Live (TTL) allows you to define a per-item timestamp to determine when
an item is no longer needed. Shortly after the date and time of the specified timestamp, DynamoDB
deletes the item from your table without consuming any write throughput. TTL is provided at no
extra cost as a means to reduce stored data volumes by retaining only the items that remain current
for your workload's needs.
TTL is useful if you store items that lose relevance after a specific time. The following are example TTL
use cases:
Remove user or sensor data after one year of inactivity in an application.
Archive expired items to an Amazon S3 data lake via Amazon DynamoDB Streams and AWS Lambda.
Retain sensitive data for a certain amount of time according to contractual or regulatory obligations.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/TTL.html

NO.237 A company is implementing new data retention policies for all databases that run on
Amazon RDS DB instances. The company must retain daily backups for a minimum period of 2 years.
The backups must be consistent and restorable.
Which solution should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
(A). Create a backup vault in AWS Backup to retain RDS backups. Create a new backup plan with a
daily schedule and an expiration period of 2 years after creation. Assign the RDS DB instances to the
backup plan.
(B). Configure a backup window for the RDS DB instances for daily snapshots. Assign a snapshot
retention policy of 2 years to each RDS DB instance. Use Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager (Amazon
DLM) to schedule snapshot deletions.
(C). Configure database transaction logs to be automatically backed up to Amazon CloudWatch Logs
with an expiration period of 2 years.
(D). Configure an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) replication task. Deploy a replication
instance, and configure a change data capture (CDC) task to stream database changes to Amazon S3
as the target. Configure S3 Lifecycle policies to delete the snapshots after 2 years.
Answer: A

NO.238 A company runs a shopping application that uses Amazon DynamoDB to store customer
information. In case of data corruption, a solutions architect needs to design a solution that meets a
recovery point objective (RPO) of 15 minutes and a recovery time objective (RTO) of 1 hour.
What should the solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
(A). Configure DynamoDB global tables. For RPO recovery, point the application to a different AWS
Region.
(B). Configure DynamoDB point-in-time recovery. For RPO recovery, restore to the desired point in
time.
(C). Export the DynamoDB data to Amazon S3 Glacier on a daily basis. For RPO recovery, import the
data from S3 Glacier to DynamoDB.
(D). Schedule Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots for the DynamoDB table every 15
minutes. For RPO recovery, restore the DynamoDB table by using the EBS snapshot.
Answer: B
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
97

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/PointInTimeRecovery.html

NO.239 A company hosts a data lake on AWS. The data lake consists of data in Amazon S3 and
Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The company needs a reporting solution that provides data visualization
and includes all the data sources within the data lake. Only the company's management team should
have full access to all the visualizations. The rest of the company should have only limited access.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Create an analysis in Amazon QuickSight. Connect all the data sources and create new datasets.
Publish dashboards to visualize the data. Share the dashboards with the appropriate IAM roles.
(B). Create an analysis in Amazon OuickSighl. Connect all the data sources and create new datasets.
Publish dashboards to visualize the data. Share the dashboards with the appropriate users and
groups.
(C). Create an AWS Glue table and crawler for the data in Amazon S3. Create an AWS Glue extract,
transform, and load (ETL) job to produce reports. Publish the reports to Amazon S3. Use S3 bucket
policies to limit access to the reports.
(D). Create an AWS Glue table and crawler for the data in Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena Federated
Query to access data within Amazon RDS for PoslgreSQL. Generate reports by using Amazon Athena.
Publish the reports to Amazon S3. Use S3 bucket policies to limit access to the reports.
Answer: A

NO.240 A gaming company hosts a browser-based application on AWS. The users of the application
consume a large number of videos and images that are stored in Amazon S3. This content is the same
for all users.
The application has increased in popularity, and millions of users worldwide are accessing these
media files.
The company wants to provide the files to the users while reducing the load on the origin.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
Answer: B

NO.241 A company is implementing a new business application. The application runs on two
Amazon EC2 instances and uses an Amazon S3 bucket for document storage. A solutions architect
needs to ensure that the EC2 instances can access the S3 bucket.
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement?
(A). Create an IAM role that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the role to the EC2 instances.
(B). Create an IAM policy that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the policy to the EC2 instances.
(C). Create an IAM group that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the group to the EC2 instances.
(D). Create an IAM user that grants access to the S3 bucket. Attach the user account to the EC2
instances.
Answer: A

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/ec2-instance-access-s3-bucket/
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
98

NO.242 A company provides a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) service that uses UDP
connections. The service consists of Amazon EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group. The
company has deployments across multiple AWS Regions.
The company needs to route users to the Region with the lowest latency. The company also needs
automated failover between Regions.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Deploy a Network Load Balancer (NLB) and an associated target group. Associate the target
group with the Auto Scaling group. Use the NLB as an AWS Global Accelerator endpoint in each
Region.
(B). Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and an associated target group. Associate the target
group with the Auto Scaling group. Use the ALB as an AWS Global Accelerator endpoint in each
Region.
(C). Deploy a Network Load Balancer (NLB) and an associated target group. Associate the target group
with the Auto Scaling group. Create an Amazon Route 53 latency record that points to aliases for
each NLB.
Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that uses the latency record as an origin.
(D). Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and an associated target group. Associate the target
group with the Auto Scaling group. Create an Amazon Route 53 weighted record that points to aliases
for each ALB. Deploy an Amazon CloudFront distribution that uses the weighted record as an origin.
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/faqs/
HTTP /HTTPS - ALB ; TCP and UDP - NLB; Lowest latency routing and more throughput. Also support
s failover, uses Anycast Ip addressing - Global Accelerator Caching at Egde Locations - Cloutfront W
S Global Accelerator automatically checks the health of your applications and routes user traffic only
to healthy application endpoints. If the health status changes or you make configuration updates,
AWS Global Accelerator reacts instantaneously to route your users to the next available endpoint..

NO.243 A company is running an online transaction processing (OLTP) workload on AWS. This
workload uses an unencrypted Amazon RDS DB instance in a Multi-AZ deployment. Daily database
snapshots are taken from this instance.
What should a solutions architect do to ensure the database and snapshots are always encrypted
moving forward?
(A). Encrypt a copy of the latest DB snapshot. Replace existing DB instance by restoring the encrypted
snapshot
(B). Create a new encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume and copy the
snapshots to it Enable encryption on the DB instance
(C). Copy the snapshots and enable encryption using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
Restore encrypted snapshot to an existing DB instance
(D). Copy the snapshots to an Amazon S3 bucket that is encrypted using server-side encryption with
AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) managed keys (SSE-KMS)
Answer: A

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_RestoreFromSnapshot.html#USE
R_Restore Under "Encrypt unencrypted resources" -
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
99
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSEncryption.html

NO.244 A company produces batch data that comes from different databases. The company also
produces live stream data from network sensors and application APIs. The company needs to
consolidate all the data into one place for business analytics. The company needs to process the
incoming data and then stage the data in different Amazon S3 buckets. Teams will later run one-time
queries and import the data into a business intelligence tool to show key performance indicators
(KPIs).
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(Choose two.)
(A). Use Amazon Athena foe one-time queries Use Amazon QuickSight to create dashboards for KPIs
(B). Use Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics for one-time queries Use Amazon QuickSight to create
dashboards for KPIs
(C). Create custom AWS Lambda functions to move the individual records from me databases to an
Amazon Redshift duster
(D). Use an AWS Glue extract transform, and toad (ETL) job to convert the data into JSON format
Load the data into multiple Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service) dusters
(E). Use blueprints in AWS Lake Formation to identify the data that can be ingested into a data lake
Use AWS Glue to crawl the source extract the data and load the data into Amazon S3 in Apache
Parquet format
Answer: C,E

NO.245 A company is reviewing a recent migration of a three-tier application to a VPC. The security
team discovers that the principle of least privilege is not being applied to Amazon EC2 security group
ingress and egress rules between the application tiers.
What should a solutions architect do to correct this issue?
(A). Create security group rules using the instance ID as the source or destination.
(B). Create security group rules using the security group ID as the source or destination.
(C). Create security group rules using the VPC CIDR blocks as the source or destination.
(D). Create security group rules using the subnet CIDR blocks as the source or destination.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/security-group-rules.html

NO.246 A company manages its own Amazon EC2 instances that run MySQL databases. The
company is manually managing replication and scaling as demand increases or decreases. The
company needs a new solution that simplifies the process of adding or removing compute capacity to
or from its database tier as needed. The solution also must offer improved performance, scaling, and
durability with minimal effort from operations.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Migrate the databases to Amazon Aurora Serverless for Aurora MySQL.
(B). Migrate the databases to Amazon Aurora Serverless for Aurora PostgreSQL.
(C). Combine the databases into one larger MySQL database. Run the larger database on larger EC2
instances.
(D). Create an EC2 Auto Scaling group for the database tier. Migrate the existing databases to the
new environment.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
100
Answer: A

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/serverless/

NO.247 A telemarketing company is designing its customer call center functionality on AWS. The
company needs a solution that provides multiples speaker recognition and generates transcript files
The company wants to query the transcript files to analyze the business patterns The transcript files
must be stored for 7 years for auditing piloses.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Use Amazon Recognition for multiple speaker recognition. Store the transcript files in Amazon S3
Use machine teaming models for transcript file analysis
(B). Use Amazon Transcribe for multiple speaker recognition. Use Amazon Athena tot transcript file
analysts
(C). Use Amazon Translate lor multiple speaker recognition. Store the transcript files in Amazon
Redshift Use SQL queues lor transcript file analysis
(D). Use Amazon Recognition for multiple speaker recognition. Store the transcript files in Amazon S3
Use Amazon Textract for transcript file analysis
Answer: C

NO.248 A company is moving its on-premises Oracle database to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL. The
database has several applications that write to the same tables. The applications need to be migrated
one by one with a month in between each migration. Management has expressed concerns that the
database has a high number of reads and writes. The data must be kept in sync across both
databases throughout the migration.
What should a solutions architect recommend?
(A). Use AWS DataSync for the initial migration. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to
create a change data capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping to select all tables.
(B). Use AWS DataSync for the initial migration. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to
create a full load plus change data capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping to select all
tables.
(C). Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool with AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) using a
memory optimized replication instance. Create a full load plus change data capture (CDC) replication
task and a table mapping to select all tables.
(D). Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool with AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) using a
compute optimized replication instance. Create a full load plus change data capture (CDC) replication
task and a table mapping to select the largest tables.
Answer: C

NO.249 An ecommerce company hosts its analytics application in the AWS Cloud. The application
generates about
300 MB of data each month. The data is stored in JSON format. The company is evaluating a disaster
recovery solution to back up the data. The data must be accessible in milliseconds if it is needed, and
the data must be kept for 30 days.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service)
(B). Amazon S3 Glacier
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
101
(C). Amazon S3 Standard
(D). Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL
Answer: C

NO.250 A company that primarily runs its application servers on premises has decided to migrate to
AWS. The company wants to minimize its need to scale its Internet Small Computer Systems Interface
(iSCSI) storage on premises. The company wants only its recently accessed data to remain stored
locally.
Which AWS solution should the company use to meet these requirements?
Answer: D

NO.251 A company has thousands of edge devices that collectively generate 1 TB of status alerts
each day. Each alert is approximately 2 KB in size. A solutions architect needs to implement a solution
to ingest and store the alerts for future analysis.
The company wants a highly available solution. However, the company needs to minimize costs and
does not want to manage additional infrastructure. Ad ditionally, the company wants to keep 14 days
of data available for immediate analysis and archive any data older than 14 days.
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements?
(A). Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to ingest the alerts Configure the Kinesis
Data Firehose stream to deliver the alerts to an Amazon S3 bucket Set up an S3 Lifecycle
configuration to transition data to Amazon S3 Glacier after 14 days
(B). Launch Amazon EC2 instances across two Availability Zones and place them behind an Elastic
Load Balancer to ingest the alerts Create a script on the EC2 instances that will store tne alerts m an
Amazon S3 bucket Set up an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition data to Amazon S3 Glacier after
14 days
(C). Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to ingest the alerts Configure the Kinesis
Data Firehose stream to deliver the alerts to an Amazon Elasticsearch Service (Amazon ES) duster Set
up the Amazon ES cluster to take manual snapshots every day and delete data from the duster that is
older than
14 days
(D). Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS i standard queue to ingest the alerts and
set the message retention period to 14 days Configure consumers to poll the SQS queue check the
age of the message and analyze the message data as needed If the message is 14 days old the
consumer should copy the message to an Amazon S3 bucket and delete the message from the SQS
queue
Answer: A

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/datafirehose/features/?nc=sn&loc=2#:~:text=into%20Amazon%20S3%2C%20

NO.252 A company has a highly dynamic batch processing job that uses many Amazon EC2 instances
to complete it.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
102
The job is stateless in nature, can be started and stopped at any given time with no negative impact,
and typically takes upwards of 60 minutes total to complete. The company has asked a solutions
architect to design a scalable and cost-effective solution that meets the requirements of the job.
What should the solutions architect recommend?
(A). Implement EC2 Spot Instances
(B). Purchase EC2 Reserved Instances
(C). Implement EC2 On-Demand Instances
(D). Implement the processing on AWS Lambda
Answer: A

NO.253 A company is migrating an old application to AWS The application runs a batch job every
hour and is CPU intensive The batch job takes 15 minutes on average with an on-premises server The
server has 64 virtual CPU (vCPU) and 512 GiB of memory Which solution will run the batch job within
15 minutes with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Use AWS Lambda with functional scaling
(B). Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate
(C). Use Amazon Lightsail with AWS Auto Scaling
(D). Use AWS Batch on Amazon EC2
Answer: D

Explanation
Use AWS Batch on Amazon EC2. AWS Batch is a fully managed batch processing service that can be
used to easily run batch jobs on Amazon EC2 instances. It can scale the number of instances to match
the workload, allowing the batch job to be completed in the desired time frame with minimal
operational overhead.
Using AWS Lambda with Amazon API Gateway - AWS Lambda
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/services-apigateway.html
AWS Lambda FAQs
https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/faqs/

NO.254 A company is designing a shared storage solution for a gaming application that is hosted in
the AWS Cloud The company needs the ability to use SMB clients to access data solution must be
fully managed.
Which AWS solution meets these requirements?
(A). Create an AWS DataSync task that shares the data as a mountable file system Mount the file
system to the application server
(B). Create an Amazon EC2 Windows instance Install and configure a Windows file share role on the
instance Connect the application server to the file share
(C). Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system Attach the file system to the origin
server Connect the application server to the file system
(D). Create an Amazon S3 bucket Assign an IAM role to the application to grant access to the S3
bucket Mount the S3 bucket to the application server
Answer: C

NO.255 A company is planning to migrate a commercial off-the-shelf application from is onpremises data center to AWS. The software has a software licensing model using sockets and cores
with predictable capacity and uptime requirements. The company wants to use its existing licenses,
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
103
which were purchased earlier this year.
Which Amazon EC2 pricing option is the MOST cost-effective?
(A). Dedicated Reserved Hosts
(B). Dedicated On-Demand Hosts
(C). Dedicated Reserved Instances
(D). Dedicated On-Oemand Instances
Answer: A

NO.256 A company needs to ingested and handle large amounts of streaming data that its
application generates. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances and sends data to Amazon
Kinesis Data Streams. which is contained wild default settings. Every other day the application
consumes the data and writes the data to an Amazon S3 bucket for business intelligence (BI)
processing the company observes that Amazon S3 is not receiving all the data that trio application
sends to Kinesis Data Streams.
What should a solutions architect do to resolve this issue?
(A). Update the Kinesis Data Streams default settings by modifying the data retention period.
(B). Update the application to use the Kinesis Producer Library (KPL) lo send the data to Kinesis Data
Streams.
(C). Update the number of Kinesis shards lo handle the throughput of me data that is sent to Kinesis
Data Streams.
(D). Turn on S3 Versioning within the S3 bucket to preserve every version of every object that is
ingested in the S3 bucket.
Answer: A

NO.257 A corporation has recruited a new cloud engineer who should not have access to the
CompanyConfidential Amazon S3 bucket. The cloud engineer must have read and write permissions
on an S3 bucket named AdminTools.
Which IAM policy will satisfy these criteria?
(A). Text, letter Description automatically generated
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
104
(B). Text Description automatically generated
(C). Text, application Description automatically generated
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
105
(D). Text, application Description automatically generated
Answer: A

Explanation
https://docs.amazonaws.cn/en_us/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_examples_s3_rwbucket.html

NO.258 A company has a multi-tier application deployed on several Amazon EC2 instances in an
Auto Scaling group.
An Amazon RDS for Oracle instance is the application's data layer that uses Oracle-specific PL/SQL
functions. Traffic to the application has been steadily increasing. This is causing the EC2 instances to
become overloaded and the RDS instance to run out of storage. The Auto Scaling group does not
have any scaling metrics and defines the minimum healthy instance count only. The company
predicts that traffic will continue to increase at a steady but unpredictable rate before levelling off.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
106
What should a solutions architect do to ensure the system can automatically scale for the increased
traffic?
(Select TWO.)
(A). Configure storage Auto Scaling on the RDS for Oracle Instance.
(B). Migrate the database to Amazon Aurora to use Auto Scaling storage.
(C). Configure an alarm on the RDS for Oracle Instance for low free storage space
(D). Configure the Auto Scaling group to use the average CPU as the scaling metric
(E). Configure the Auto Scaling group to use the average free memory as the seeing metric
Answer: A,C

NO.259 A company runs its Infrastructure on AWS and has a registered base of 700.000 users for res
document management application The company intends to create a product that converts large pdf
files to jpg Imago files. The .pdf files average 5 MB in size. The company needs to store the original
files and the converted files.
A solutions architect must design a scalable solution to accommodate demand that will grow rapidly
over lime.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Save the pdf files to Amazon S3 Configure an S3 PUT event to invoke an AWS Lambda function to
convert the files to jpg format and store them back in Amazon S3
(B). Save the pdf files to Amazon DynamoDB. Use the DynamoDB Streams feature to invoke an AWS
Lambda function to convert the files to jpg format and store them hack in DynamoDB
(C). Upload the pdf files to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application that includes Amazon EC2 instances.
Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage and an Auto Scaling group. Use a program In the
EC2 instances to convert the files to jpg format Save the .pdf files and the .jpg files In the EBS store.
(D). Upload the .pdf files to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application that includes Amazon EC2 instances,
Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EPS) storage, and an Auto Scaling group. Use a program in the
EC2 instances to convert the file to jpg format Save the pdf files and the jpg files in the EBS store.
Answer: A

Explanation
Elastic BeanStalk is expensive, and DocumentDB has a 400KB max to upload files. So Lambda and S3
should be the one.

NO.260 A company wants to deploy a new public web application on AWS The application includes a
web server tier that uses Amazon EC2 instances The application also includes a database tier that
uses an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance The application must be secure and accessible for global
customers that have dynamic IP addresses How should a solutions architect configure the security
groups to meet these requirements'?
(A). Configure the security group tor the web servers lo allow inbound traffic on port 443 from 0.0.0.
0/0) Configure the security group for the DB instance to allow inbound traffic on port 3306 from the
security group of the web servers
(B). Configure the security group for the web servers to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from the IP
addresses of the customers Configure the security group for the DB instance lo allow inbound traffic
on port 3306 from the security group of the web servers
(C). Configure the security group for the web servers to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from the IP
addresses of the customers Configure the security group for the DB instance to allow inbound traffic
on port 3306 from the IP addresses of the customers
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
107
(D). Configure the security group for the web servers to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from
0.0.0.0.0 Configure the security group for the DB instance to allow inbound traffic on port 3306 from
0.0.0.0/0)
Answer: A

NO.261 An online learning company is migrating to the AWS Cloud. The company maintains its
student records in a PostgreSQL database. The company needs a solution in which its data is available
and online across multiple AWS Regions at all times.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?
(A). Migrate the PostgreSQL database to a PostgreSQL cluster on Amazon EC2 instances.
(B). Migrate the PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance with the MultiAZ feature turned on.
(C). Migrate the PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. Create a read
replica in another Region.
(D). Migrate the PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. Set up DB
snapshots to be copied to another Region.
Answer: C

Explanation
" online across multiple AWS Regions at all times". Currently only Read Replica supports cross-regions
, Multi-AZ does not support cross-region (it works only in same region)
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2018/01/amazon-rds-read-replicas-now-supportmulti-az-deploym

NO.262 A company runs an application on a group of Amazon Linux EC2 instances. For compliance
reasons, the company must retain all application log files for 7 years. The log files will be analyzed by
a reporting tool that must be able to access all the files concurrently.
Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
(B). Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
(C). Amazon EC2 instance store
(D). Amazon S3
Answer: D

NO.263 A company hosts its application on AWS The company uses Amazon Cognito to manage
users When users log in to the application the application fetches required data from Amazon
DynamoDB by using a REST API that is hosted in Amazon API Gateway. The company wants an AWS
managed solution that will control access to the REST API to reduce development efforts Which
solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Configure an AWS Lambda function to be an authorize! in API Gateway to validate which user
made the request
(B). For each user, create and assign an API key that must be sent with each request Validate the key
by using an AWS Lambda function
(C). Send the user's email address in the header with every request Invoke an AWS Lambda function
to validate that the user with that email address has proper access
(D). Configure an Amazon Cognito user pool authorizer in API Gateway to allow Amazon Cognito to
validate each request
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
108
Answer: D

NO.264 A company's compliance team needs to move its file shares to AWS. The shares run on a
Windows Server SMB file share. A self-managed on-premises Active Directory controls access to the
files and folders.
The company wants to use Amazon FSx for Windows File Server as part of the solution. The company
must ensure that the on-premises Active Directory groups restrict access to the FSx for Windows File
Server SMB compliance shares, folders, and files after the move to AWS. The company has created an
FSx for Windows File Server file system.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Create an Active Directory Connector to connect to the Active Directory. Map the Active
Directory groups to IAM groups to restrict access.
(B). Assign a tag with a Restrict tag key and a Compliance tag value. Map the Active Directory groups
to IAM groups to restrict access.
(C). Create an IAM service-linked role that is linked directly to FSx for Windows File Server to restrict
access.
(D). Join the file system to the Active Directory to restrict access.
Answer: D

Explanation
Joining the FSx for Windows File Server file system to the on-premises Active Directory will allow the
company to use the existing Active Directory groups to restrict access to the file shares, folders, and
files after the move to AWS. This option allows the company to continue using their existing access
controls and management structure, making the transition to AWS more seamless.

NO.265 A company needs to create an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster to
host a digital media streaming application. The EKS cluster will use a managed node group that is
backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes for storage. The company must encrypt
all data at rest by using a customer managed key that is stored in AWS Key Management Service
(AWS KMS) Which combination of actions will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational
overhead? (Select TWO.)
(A). Use a Kubernetes plugin that uses the customer managed key to perform data encryption.
(B). After creation of the EKS cluster, locate the EBS volumes. Enable encryption by using the
customer managed key.
(C). Enable EBS encryption by default in the AWS Region where the EKS cluster will be created. Select
the customer managed key as the default key.
(D). Create the EKS cluster Create an IAM role that has cuwlicy that grants permission to the
customer managed key. Associate the role with the EKS cluster.
(E). Store the customer managed key as a Kubernetes secret in the EKS cluster. Use the customer
managed key to encrypt the EBS volumes.
Answer: A,D

NO.266 A company runs a stateless web application in production on a group of Amazon EC2 OnDemand Instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The application experiences heavy usage
during an 8-hour period each business day. Application usage is moderate and steady overnight
Application usage is low during weekends.
The company wants to minimize its EC2 costs without affecting the availability of the application.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
109
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Use Spot Instances for the entire workload.
(B). Use Reserved instances for the baseline level of usage Use Spot Instances for any additional
capacity that the application needs.
(C). Use On-Demand Instances for the baseline level of usage. Use Spot Instances for any additional
capacity that the application needs
(D). Use Dedicated Instances for the baseline level of usage. Use On-Demand Instances for any
additional capacity that the application needs
Answer: B

NO.267 A company runs its two-tier ecommerce website on AWS. The web tier consists of a load
balancer that sends traffic to Amazon EC2 instances. The database tier uses an Amazon RDS DB
instance. The EC2 instances and the RDS DB instance should not be exposed to the public internet.
The EC2 instances require internet access to complete payment processing of orders through a thirdparty web service. The application must be highly available.
Which combination of configuration options will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
(A). Use an Auto Scaling group to launch the EC2 instances in private subnets. Deploy an RDS Multi-AZ
DB instance in private subnets.
(B). Configure a VPC with two private subnets and two NAT gateways across two Availability Zones.
Deploy an Application Load Balancer in the private subnets.
(C). Use an Auto Scaling group to launch the EC2 instances in public subnets across two Availability
Zones.
Deploy an RDS Multi-AZ DB instance in private subnets.
(D). Configure a VPC with one public subnet, one private subnet, and two NAT gateways across two
Availability Zones. Deploy an Application Load Balancer in the public subnet.
(E). Configure a VPC with two public subnets, two private subnets, and two NAT gateways across two
Availability Zones. Deploy an Application Load Balancer in the public subnets.
Answer: A,E

Explanation
Before you begin: Decide which two Availability Zones you will use for your EC2 instances. Configure
your virtual private cloud (VPC) with at least one public subnet in each of these Availability Zones.
These public subnets are used to configure the load balancer. You can launch your EC2 instances in
other subnets of these Availability Zones instead.

NO.268 A company needs to save the results from a medical trial to an Amazon S3 repository. The
repository must allow a few scientists to add new files and must restrict all other users to read-only
access. No users can have the ability to modify or delete any files in the repository. The company
must keep every file in the repository for a minimum of 1 year after its creation date.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Use S3 Object Lock In governance mode with a legal hold of 1 year
(B). Use S3 Object Lock in compliance mode with a retention period of 365 days.
(C). Use an IAM role to restrict all users from deleting or changing objects in the S3 bucket Use an S3
bucket policy to only allow the IAM role
(D). Configure the S3 bucket to invoke an AWS Lambda function every tune an object is added
Configure the function to track the hash of the saved object to that modified objects can be marked
accordingly
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
110
Answer: C

NO.269 A company has registered its domain name with Amazon Route 53. The company uses
Amazon API Gateway in the ca-central-1 Region as a public interface for its backend microservice
APIs. Third-party services consume the APIs securely. The company wants to design its API Gateway
URL with the company's domain name and corresponding certificate so that the third-party services
can use HTTPS.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Create stage variables in API Gateway with Name="Endpoint-URL" and Value="Company Domain
Name" to overwrite the default URL. Import the public certificate associated with the company's
domain name into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM).
(B). Create Route 53 DNS records with the company's domain name. Point the alias record to the
Regional API Gateway stage endpoint. Import the public certificate associated with the company's
domain name into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-east-1 Region.
(C). Create a Regional API Gateway endpoint. Associate the API Gateway endpoint with the
company's domain name. Import the public certificate associated with the company's domain name
into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the same Region. Attach the certificate to the API Gateway
endpoint.
Configure Route 53 to route traffic to the API Gateway endpoint.
(D). Create a Regional API Gateway endpoint. Associate the API Gateway endpoint with the
company's domain name. Import the public certificate associated with the company's domain name
into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-east-1 Region. Attach the certificate to the API
Gateway APIs.
Create Route 53 DNS records with the company's domain name. Point an A record to the company's
domain name.
Answer: D

NO.270 A company wants to run its critical applications in containers to meet requirements tor
scalability and availability The company prefers to focus on maintenance of the critical applications
The company does not want to be responsible for provisioning and managing the underlying
infrastructure that runs the containerized workload What should a solutions architect do to meet
those requirements?
Answer: C

Explanation
using AWS ECS on AWS Fargate since they requirements are for scalability and availability without
having to provision and manage the underlying infrastructure to run the containerized workload.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/userguide/what-is-fargate.html

NO.271 A company uses 50 TB of data for reporting. The company wants to move this data from on
premises to AWS A custom application in the company's data center runs a weekly data
transformation job. The company plans to pause the application until the data transfer is complete
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
111
and needs to begin the transfer process as soon as possible.
The data center does not have any available network bandwidth for additional workloads A solutions
architect must transfer the data and must configure the transformation job to continue to run in the
AWS Cloud Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Use AWS DataSync to move the data Create a custom transformation job by using AWS Glue
(B). Order an AWS Snowcone device to move the data Deploy the transformation application to the
device
(C). Order an AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device. Copy the data to the device. Create a
custom transformation job by using AWS Glue
(D). Order an AWS D. Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device that includes Amazon EC2 compute
Copy the data to the device Create a new EC2 instance on AWS to run the transformation application
Answer: C

NO.272 A company uses AWS Organizations to create dedicated AWS accounts for each business
unit to manage each business unit's account independently upon request. The root email recipient
missed a notification that was sent to the root user email address of one account. The company
wants to ensure that all future notifications are not missed. Future notifications must be limited to
account administrators.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Configure the company's email server to forward notification email messages that are sent to the
AWS account root user email address to all users in the organization.
(B). Configure all AWS account root user email addresses as distribution lists that go to a few
administrators who can respond to alerts. Configure AWS account alternate contacts in the AWS
Organizations console or programmatically.
(C). Configure all AWS account root user email messages to be sent to one administrator who is
responsible for monitoring alerts and forwarding those alerts to the appropriate groups.
(D). Configure all existing AWS accounts and all newly created accounts to use the same root user
email address. Configure AWS account alternate contacts in the AWS Organizations console or
programmatically.
Answer: D

NO.273 A company hosts rts sialic website by using Amazon S3 The company wants to add a contact
form to its webpage The contact form will have dynamic server-sKle components for users to input
their name, email address, phone number and user message The company anticipates that there will
be fewer than 100 site visits each month Which solution will meet these requirements MOST costeffectively?
(A). Host a dynamic contact form page in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) Set up
Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to connect to any third-party email provider.
(B). Create an Amazon API Gateway endpoinl with an AWS Lambda backend that makes a call to
Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)
(C). Convert the static webpage to dynamic by deploying Amazon Ughtsail Use client-side scnpting to
build the contact form Integrate the form with Amazon WorkMail
(D). Create a Q micro Amazon EC2 instance Deploy a LAMP (Linux Apache MySQL. PHP/Perl/Python)
stack to host the webpage Use client-side scripting to buiW the contact form Integrate the form with
Amazon WorkMail
Answer: D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
112

Explanation
Create a t2 micro Amazon EC2 instance. Deploy a LAMP (Linux Apache MySQL, PHP/Perl/Python)
stack to host the webpage. Use client-side scripting to build the contact form. Integrate the form with
Amazon WorkMail. This solution will provide the company with the necessary components to host
the contact form page and integrate it with Amazon WorkMail at the lowest cost. Option A requires
the use of Amazon ECS, which is more expensive than EC2, and Option B requires the use of Amazon
API Gateway, which is also more expensive than EC2. Option C requires the use of Amazon Lightsail,
which is more expensive than EC2.
Using AWS Lambda with Amazon API Gateway - AWS Lambda
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/services-apigateway.html
AWS Lambda FAQs
https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/faqs/

NO.274 A company wants to migrate its on-premises application to AWS. The application produces
output files that vary in size from tens of gigabytes to hundreds of terabytes The application data
must be stored in a standard file system structure The company wants a solution that scales
automatically, is highly available, and requires minimum operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Migrate the application to run as containers on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
Use Amazon S3 for storage
(B). Migrate the application to run as containers on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) for storage
(C). Migrate the application to Amazon EC2 instances in a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group. Use Amazon
Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) for storage.
(D). Migrate the application to Amazon EC2 instances in a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group. Use Amazon
Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) for storage.
Answer: C

Explanation
EFS is a standard file system, it scales automatically and is highly available.

NO.275 A company collects temperature, humidity, and atmospheric pressure data in cities across
multiple continents.
The average volume of data collected per site each day is 500 GB. Each site has a high-speed internet
connection. The company's weather forecasting applications are based in a single Region and analyze
the data daily.
What is the FASTEST way to aggregate data from all of these global sites?
(A). Enable Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration on the destination bucket. Use multipart uploads to
directly upload site data to the destination bucket.
(B). Upload site data to an Amazon S3 bucket in the closest AWS Region. Use S3 cross-Region
replication to copy objects to the destination bucket.
(C). Schedule AWS Snowball jobs daily to transfer data to the closest AWS Region. Use S3 crossRegion replication to copy objects to the destination bucket.
(D). Upload the data to an Amazon EC2 instance in the closest Region. Store the data in an Amazon
Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Once a day take an EBS snapshot and copy it to the
centralized Region. Restore the EBS volume in the centralized Region and run an analysis on the data
daily.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
113
Answer: A

Explanation
You might want to use Transfer Acceleration on a bucket for various reasons, including the following:
You have customers that upload to a centralized bucket from all over the world.
You transfer gigabytes to terabytes of data on a regular basis across continents.
You are unable to utilize all of your available bandwidth over the Internet when uploading to Amazon
S3.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/transfer-acceleration.html
https://aws.amazon.com/s3/transferacceleration/#:~:text=S3%20Transfer%20Acceleration%20(S3TA)%20reduc
"Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration can speed up content transfers to and from Amazon S3 by as much
as
50-500% for long-distance transfer of larger objects. Customers who have either web or mobile
applications with widespread users or applications hosted far away from their S3 bucket can
experience long and variable upload and download speeds over the Internet"
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/mpuoverview.html
"Improved throughput - You can upload parts in parallel to improve throughput."

NO.276 A company experienced a breach that affected several applications in its on-premises data
center The attacker took advantage of vulnerabilities in the custom applications that were running on
the servers The company is now migrating its applications to run on Amazon EC2 instances The
company wants to implement a solution that actively scans for vulnerabilities on the EC2 instances
and sends a report that details the findings Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Deploy AWS Shield to scan the EC2 instances for vulnerabilities Create an AWS Lambda function
to log any findings to AWS CloudTrail.
(B). Deploy Amazon Macie and AWS Lambda functions to scan the EC2 instances for vulnerabilities
Log any findings to AWS CloudTrail
(C). Turn on Amazon GuardDuty Deploy the GuardDuty agents to the EC2 instances Configure an AWS
Lambda function to automate the generation and distribution of reports that detail the findings
(D). Turn on Amazon Inspector Deploy the Amazon Inspector agent to the EC2 instances Configure an
AWS Lambda function to automate the generation and distribution of reports that detail the findings
Answer: D

NO.277 A company stores confidential data in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database in the apsoutheast-3 Region The database is encrypted with an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
customer managed key The company was recently acquired and must securely share a backup of the
database with the acquiring company's AWS account in ap-southeast-3.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Create a database snapshot Copy the snapshot to a new unencrypted snapshot Share the new
snapshot with the acquiring company's AWS account
(B). Create a database snapshot Add the acquiring company's AWS account to the KMS key policy
Share the snapshot with the acquiring company's AWS account
(C). Create a database snapshot that uses a different AWS managed KMS key Add the acquiring
company's AWS account to the KMS key alias. Share the snapshot with the acquiring company's AWS
account.
(D). Create a database snapshot Download the database snapshot Upload the database snapshot to
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
114
an Amazon S3 bucket Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from the acquiring company's AWS
account
Answer: A

NO.278 A survey company has gathered data for several years from areas the United States. The
company hosts the data in an Amazon S3 bucket that is 3 TB m size and growing. The company has
started to share the data with a European marketing firm that has S3 buckets The company wants to
ensure that its data transfer costs remain as low as possible Which solution will meet these
requirements?
(A). Configure the Requester Pays feature on the company's S3 bucket
(B). Configure S3 Cross-Region Replication from the company's S3 bucket to one of the marketing
firm's S3 buckets.
(C). Configure cross-account access for the marketing firm so that the marketing firm has access to
the company's S3 bucket.
(D). Configure the company's S3 bucket to use S3 Intelligent-Tiering Sync the S3 bucket to one of the
marketing firm's S3 buckets
Answer: A

Explanation
"Typically, you configure buckets to be Requester Pays buckets when you want to share data but not
incur charges associated with others accessing the data. For example, you might use Requester Pays
buckets when making available large datasets, such as zip code directories, reference data, geospatial
information, or web crawling data."
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/RequesterPaysBuckets.html

NO.279 A company hosts a website analytics application on a single Amazon EC2 On-Demand
Instance. The analytics software is written in PHP and uses a MySQL database. The analytics software,
the web server that provides PHP, and the database server are all hosted on the EC2 instance. The
application is showing signs of performance degradation during busy times and is presenting 5xx
errors. The company needs to make the application scale seamlessly.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance. Create an AMI of the web
application. Use the AMI to launch a second EC2 On-Demand Instance. Use an Application Load
Balancer to distribute the load to each EC2 instance.
(B). Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance. Create an AMI of the web
application. Use the AMI to launch a second EC2 On-Demand Instance. Use Amazon Route 53
weighted routing to distribute the load across the two EC2 instances.
(C). Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB instance. Create an AWS Lambda function
to stop the EC2 instance and change the instance type. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to
invoke the Lambda function when CPU utilization surpasses 75%.
(D). Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB instance. Create an AMI of the web
application.
Apply the AMI to a launch template. Create an Auto Scaling group with the launch template
Configure the launch template to use a Spot Fleet. Attach an Application Load Balancer to the Auto
Scaling group.
Answer: D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
115

NO.280 A company has an application that ingests incoming messages. These messages are then
quickly consumed by dozens of other applications and microservices.
The number of messages varies drastically and sometimes spikes as high as 100,000 each second. The
company wants to decouple the solution and increase scalability.
Which solution meets these requirements?
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/sqs/features/
By routing incoming requests to Amazon SQS, the company can decouple the job requests from the
processing instances. This allows them to scale the number of instances based on the size of the
queue, providing more resources when needed. Additionally, using an Auto Scaling group based on
the queue size will automatically scale the number of instances up or down depending on the
workload. Updating the software to read from the queue will allow it to process the job requests in a
more efficient manner, improving the performance of the system.

NO.281 A company collects data from thousands of remote devices by using a RESTful web services
application that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The EC2 instance receives the raw data, transforms
the raw data, and stores all the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The number of remote devices will
increase into the millions soon. The company needs a highly scalable solution that minimizes
operational overhead.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements9 (Select
TWO.)
(A). Use AWS Glue to process the raw data in Amazon S3.
(B). Use Amazon Route 53 to route traffic to different EC2 instances.
(C). Add more EC2 instances to accommodate the increasing amount of incoming data.
(D). Send the raw data to Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS). Use EC2 instances to process
the data.
(E). Use Amazon API Gateway to send the raw data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream. Configure
Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to use the data stream as a source to deliver the data to Amazon S3.
Answer: A,E

Explanation
"RESTful web services" => API Gateway.
"EC2 instance receives the raw data, transforms the raw data, and stores all the data in an Amazon S3
bucket"
=> GLUE with (Extract - Transform - Load)

NO.282 A company has a data ingestion workflow that consists the following:
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
116
* An Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic for notifications about new data
deliveries
* An AWS Lambda function to process the data and record metadata
The company observes that the ingestion workflow fails occasionally because of network connectivity
issues.
When such a failure occurs, the Lambda function does not ingest the corresponding data unless the
company manually reruns the job.
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to ensure that the Lambda function
ingests all data in the future? (Select TWO.)
(A). Configure the Lambda function In multiple Availability Zones.
(B). Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue, and subscribe It to me SNS topic.
(C). Increase the CPU and memory that are allocated to the Lambda function.
(D). Increase provisioned throughput for the Lambda function.
(E). Modify the Lambda function to read from an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue
Answer: B,E

NO.283 A company wants to use Amazon S3 for the secondary copy of its on-premises dataset. The
company would rarely need to access this copy. The storage solution's cost should be minimal.
Which storage solution meets these requirements?
(A). S3 Standard
(B). S3 Intelligent-Tiering
(C). S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
(D). S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)
Answer: C

NO.284 A company is experiencing sudden increases in demand. The company needs to provision
large Amazon EC2 instances from an Amazon Machine image (AMI) The instances will run m an Auto
Scaling group. The company needs a solution that provides minimum initialization latency to meet
the demand.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Use the aws ec2 register-image command to create an AMI from a snapshot Use AWS Step
Functions to replace the AMI in the Auto Scaling group
(B). Enable Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) fast snapshot restore on a snapshot Provision an
AMI by using the snapshot Replace the AMI m the Auto Scaling group with the new AMI
(C). Enable AMI creation and define lifecycle rules in Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager (Amazon DLM)
Create an AWS Lambda function that modifies the AMI in the Auto Scaling group
(D). Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to invoke AWS Backup lifecycle policies
that provision AMIs Configure Auto Scaling group capacity limits as an event source in EventBridge
Answer: B

Explanation
Enabling Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) fast snapshot restore on a snapshot allows you to
quickly create a new Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from a snapshot, which can help reduce the
initialization latency when provisioning new instances. Once the AMI is provisioned, you can replace
the AMI in the Auto Scaling group with the new AMI. This will ensure that new instances are launched
from the updated AMI and are able to meet the increased demand quickly.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
117

NO.285 A company needs to provide its employee with secure access to confidential and sensitive
files. The company wants to ensure that the files can be accessed only by authorized users. The files
must be downloaded security to the employees devices.
The files are stored in an on-premises Windows files server. However, due to an increase in remote
usage, the file server out of capacity.
Which solution will meet these requirement?
(A). Migrate the file server to an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet. Configure the security
group to limit inbound traffic to the employees .IP addresses.
(B). Migrate the files to an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system. Integrate the Amazon FSx
file system with the on-premises Active Directory Configure AWS Client VPN.
(C). Migrate the files to Amazon S3, and create a private VPC endpoint. Create a signed URL to allow
download.
(D). Migrate the files to Amazon S3, and create a public VPC endpoint Allow employees to sign on
with AWS IAM identity Center (AWS Sing-On).
Answer: C

NO.286 A company's facility has badge readers at every entrance throughout the building. When
badges are scanned, the readers send a message over HTTPS to indicate who attempted to access
that particular entrance.
A solutions architect must design a system to process these messages from the sensors. The solution
must be highly available, and the results must be made available for the company's security team to
analyze.
Which system architecture should the solutions architect recommend?
(A). Launch an Amazon EC2 instance to serve as the HTTPS endpoint and to process the messages
Configure the EC2 instance to save the results to an Amazon S3 bucket.
(B). Create an HTTPS endpoint in Amazon API Gateway. Configure the API Gateway endpoint to
invoke an AWS Lambda function to process the messages and save the results to an Amazon
DynamoDB table.
(C). Use Amazon Route 53 to direct incoming sensor messages to an AWS Lambda function. Configure
the Lambda function to process the messages and save the results to an Amazon DynamoDB table.
(D). Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Configure a Site-to-Site VPN connection from the
facility network to the VPC so that sensor data can be written directly to an S3 bucket by way of the
VPC endpoint.
Answer: B

NO.287 An online retail company has more than 50 million active customers and receives more than
25,000 orders each day. The company collects purchase data for customers and stores this data in
Amazon S3. Additional customer data is stored in Amazon RDS.
The company wants to make all the data available to various teams so that the teams can perform
analytics.
The solution must provide the ability to manage fine-grained permissions for the data and must
minimize operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Migrate the purchase data to write directly to Amazon RDS. Use RDS access controls to limit
access.
(B). Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically copy data from Amazon RDS to Amazon S3.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
118
Create an AWS Glue crawler. Use Amazon Athena to query the data. Use S3 policies to limit access.
(C). Create a data lake by using AWS Lake Formation. Create an AWS Glue JDBC connection to
Amazon RDS. Register (he S3 bucket in Lake Formation. Use Lake Formation access controls to limit
access.
(D). Create an Amazon Redshift cluster. Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically copy data
from Amazon S3 and Amazon RDS to Amazon Redshift. Use Amazon Redshift access controls to limit
access.
Answer: D

NO.288 A company uses a three-tier web application to provide training to new employees. The
application is accessed for only 12 hours every day. The company is using an Amazon RDS for MySQL
DB instance to store information and wants to minimize costs.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Configure an IAM policy for AWS Systems Manager Session Manager. Create an IAM role for the
policy. Update the trust relationship of the role. Set up automatic start and stop for the DB instance.
(B). Create an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cache cluster that gives users the ability to access the
data from the cache when the DB instance is stopped. Invalidate the cache after the DB instance is
started.
(C). Launch an Amazon EC2 instance. Create an IAM role that grants access to Amazon RDS. Attach
the role to the EC2 instance. Configure a cron job to start and stop the EC2 instance on the desired
schedule.
(D). Create AWS Lambda functions to start and stop the DB instance. Create Amazon EventBridge
(Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled rules to invoke the Lambda functions. Configure the Lambda
functions as event targets for the rules
Answer: C

NO.289 A company wants to build a scalable key management Infrastructure to support developers
who need to encrypt data in their applications.
What should a solutions architect do to reduce the operational burden?
(A). Use multifactor authentication (MFA) to protect the encryption keys.
(B). Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to protect the encryption keys
(C). Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create, store, and assign the encryption keys
(D). Use an IAM policy to limit the scope of users who have access permissions to protect the
encryption keys
Answer: B

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/kms/faqs/#:~:text=If%20you%20are%20a%20developer%20who%20needs
%20to%20d

NO.290 A company is planning to build a high performance computing (HPC) workload as a service
solution that Is hosted on AWS A group of 16 AmazonEC2Ltnux Instances requires the lowest possible
latency for node-to-node communication. The instances also need a shared block device volume for
high-performing storage.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
119
Answer: A

NO.291 A company is storing sensitive user information in an Amazon S3 bucket The company wants
to provide secure access to this bucket from the application tier running on Ama2on EC2 instances
inside a VPC.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to accomplish this? (Select TWO.)
(A). Configure a VPC gateway endpoint for Amazon S3 within the VPC
(B). Create a bucket policy to make the objects to the S3 bucket public
(C). Create a bucket policy that limits access to only the application tier running in the VPC
(D). Create an IAM user with an S3 access policy and copy the IAM credentials to the EC2 instance
(E). Create a NAT instance and have the EC2 instances use the NAT instance to access the S3 bucket
Answer: A,C

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/s3-private-connection-noauthentication/

NO.292 A company hostss a three application on Amazon EC2 instances in a single Availability Zone.
The web application uses a self-managed MySQL database that is hosted on an EC2 instances to store
data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumn. The MySQL database currently uses a 1
TB Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) EBS volume. The company expects traffic of 1,000 IOPS for both reads
and writes at peak traffic.
The company wants to minimize any distruptions, stabilize perperformace, and reduce costs while
retaining the capacity for double the IOPS. The company wants to more the database tier to a fully
managed solution that is highly available and fault tolerant.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Use a Multi-AZ deployment of an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with an io2 Block Express
EBS volume.
(B). Use a Multi-AZ deployment of an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with a General Purpose
SSD (gp2) EBS volume.
(C). Use Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering access tiers.
(D). Use two large EC2 instances to host the database in active-passive mode.
Answer: A

NO.293 A company wants to migrate its MySQL database from on premises to AWS. The company
recently experienced a database outage that significantly impacted the business. To ensure this does
not happen again, the company wants a reliable database solution on AWS that minimizes data loss
and stores every transaction on at least two nodes.
Which solution meets these requirements?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
120
(A). Create an Amazon RDS DB instance with synchronous replication to three nodes in three
Availability Zones.
(B). Create an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance with Multi-AZ functionality enabled to synchronously
replicate the data.
(C). Create an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance and then create a read replica in a separate AWS
Region that synchronously replicates the data.
(D). Create an Amazon EC2 instance with a MySQL engine installed that triggers an AWS Lambda
function to synchronously replicate the data to an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance.
Answer: B

Explanation
Q: What does Amazon RDS manage on my behalf?
Amazon RDS manages the work involved in setting up a relational database: from provisioning the
infrastructure capacity you request to installing the database software. Once your database is up and
running, Amazon RDS automates common administrative tasks such as performing backups and
patching the software that powers your database. With optional Multi-AZ deployments, Amazon RDS
also manages synchronous data replication across Availability Zones with automatic failover.
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/faqs/

NO.294 An ecommerce company is experiencing an increase in user traffic. The company's store is
deployed on Amazon EC2 instances as a two-tier web application consisting of a web tier and a
separate database tier. As traffic increases, the company notices that the architecture is causing
significant delays in sending timely marketing and order confirmation email to users. The company
wants to reduce the time it spends resolving complex email delivery issues and minimize operational
overhead.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Create a separate application tier using EC2 instances dedicated to email processing.
(B). Configure the web instance to send email through Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES).
(C). Configure the web instance to send email through Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon
SNS)
(D). Create a separate application tier using EC2 instances dedicated to email processing. Place the
instances in an Auto Scaling group.
Answer: B

NO.295 A company recently migrated to AWS and wants to implement a solution to protect the
traffic that flows in and out of the production VPC. The company had an inspection server in its onpremises data center. The inspection server performed specific operations such as traffic flow
inspection and traffic filtering. The company wants to have the same functionalities in the AWS
Cloud.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Use Amazon GuardDuty for traffic inspection and traffic filtering in the production VPC
(B). Use Traffic Mirroring to mirror traffic from the production VPC for traffic inspection and filtering.
(C). Use AWS Network Firewall to create the required rules for traffic inspection and traffic filtering
for the production VPC.
(D). Use AWS Firewall Manager to create the required rules for traffic inspection and traffic filtering
for the production VPC.
Answer: C
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
121

Explanation
AWS Network Firewall supports both inspection and filtering as required

NO.296 A company is building a new dynamic ordering website. The company wants to minimize
server maintenance and patching. The website must be highly available and must scale read and
write capacity as quickly as possible to meet changes in user demand.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Host static content in Amazon S3 Host dynamic content by using Amazon API Gateway and AWS
Lambda Use Amazon DynamoDB with on-demand capacity for the database Configure Amazon
CloudFront to deliver the website content
(B). Host static content in Amazon S3 Host dynamic content by using Amazon API Gateway and AWS
Lambda Use Amazon Aurora with Aurora Auto Scaling for the database Configure Amazon CloudFront
to deliver the website content
(C). Host al the website content on Amazon EC2 instances Create an Auto Scaling group to scale the
EC2 Instances Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic Use Amazon DynamoDB with
provisioned write capacity for the database
(D). Host at the website content on Amazon EC2 instances Create an Auto Scaling group to scale the
EC2 instances Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic Use Amazon Aurora with Aurora
Auto Scaling for the database
Answer: A

NO.297 A company is running a batch application on Amazon EC2 instances. The application consists
of a backend with multiple Amazon RDS databases. The application is causing a high number of leads
on the databases. A solutions architect must reduce the number of database reads while ensuring
high availability.
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement?
(A). Add Amazon RDS read replicas
(B). Use Amazon ElastCache for Redis
(C). Use Amazon Route 53 DNS caching
(D). Use Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached
Answer: A

NO.298 An Amazon EC2 administrator created the following policy associated with an IAM group
containing several users
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
122
What is the effect of this policy?
(A). Users can terminate an EC2 instance in any AWS Region except us-east-1.
(B). Users can terminate an EC2 instance with the IP address 10 100 100 1 in the us-east-1 Region
(C). Users can terminate an EC2 instance in the us-east-1 Region when the user's source IP is
10.100.100.254.
(D). Users cannot terminate an EC2 instance in the us-east-1 Region when the user's source IP is
10.100 100
254
Answer: C

Explanation
as the policy prevents anyone from doing any EC2 action on any region except us-east-1 and allows
only users with source ip 10.100.100.0/24 to terminate instances. So user with source ip
10.100.100.254 can terminate instances in us-east-1 region.

NO.299 A solutions architect is designing the cloud architecture for a new application being
deployed on AWS. The process should run in parallel while adding and removing application nodes as
needed based on the number of jobs to be processed. The processor application is stateless. The
solutions architect must ensure that the application is loosely coupled and the job items are durably
stored.
Which design should the solutions architect use?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
123
(A). Create an Amazon SNS topic to send the jobs that need to be processed Create an Amazon
Machine Image (AMI) that consists of the processor application Create a launch configuration that
uses the AMI Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch configuration Set the scaling policy for
the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on CPU usage
(B). Create an Amazon SQS queue to hold the jobs that need to be processed Create an Amazon
Machine image (AMI) that consists of the processor application Create a launch configuration that
uses the AM' Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch configuration Set the scaling policy for
the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on network usage
(C). Create an Amazon SQS queue to hold the jobs that needs to be processed Create an Amazon
Machine image (AMI) that consists of the processor application Create a launch template that uses
the AMI Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch template Set the scaling policy for the Auto
Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on the number of items in the SQS queue
(D). Create an Amazon SNS topic to send the jobs that need to be processed Create an Amazon
Machine Image (AMI) that consists of the processor application Create a launch template that uses
the AMI Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch template Set the scaling policy for the Auto
Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on the number of messages published to the SNS topic
Answer: C

Explanation
"Create an Amazon SQS queue to hold the jobs that needs to be processed. Create an Amazon EC2
Auto Scaling group for the compute application. Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to
add and remove nodes based on the number of items in the SQS queue" In this case we need to find
a durable and loosely coupled solution for storing jobs. Amazon SQS is ideal for this use case and can
be configured to use dynamic scaling based on the number of jobs waiting in the queue.To configure
this scaling you can use the backlog per instance metric with the target value being the acceptable
backlog per instance to maintain. You can calculate these numbers as follows: Backlog per instance:
To calculate your backlog per instance, start with the ApproximateNumberOfMessages queue
attribute to determine the length of the SQS queue

NO.300 A company has a production web application in which users upload documents through a
web interlace or a mobile app. According to a new regulatory requirement, new documents cannot
be modified or deleted after they are stored.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?
(A). Store the uploaded documents in an Amazon S3 bucket with S3 Versioning and S3 Object Lock
enabled
(B). Store the uploaded documents in an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure an S3 Lifecycle policy to
archive the documents periodically.
(C). Store the uploaded documents in an Amazon S3 bucket with S3 Versioning enabled Configure an
ACL to restrict all access to read-only.
(D). Store the uploaded documents on an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. Access
the data by mounting the volume in read-only mode.
Answer: A

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/object-lock-overview.html

NO.301 A company is migrating its on-premises PostgreSQL database to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL.
The on-premises database must remain online and accessible during the migration. The Aurora
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
124
database must remain synchronized with the on-premises database.
Which combination of actions must a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose
two.)
(A). Create an ongoing replication task.
(B). Create a database backup of the on-premises database
(C). Create an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) replication server
(D). Convert the database schema by using the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT).
(E). Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to monitor the database
synchronization
Answer: C,D

NO.302 A company's web application consists o( an Amazon API Gateway API in front of an AWS
Lambda function and an Amazon DynamoDB database. The Lambda function handles the business
logic, and the DynamoDB table hosts the data. The application uses Amazon Cognito user pools to
identify the individual users of the application. A solutions architect needs to update the application
so that only users who have a subscription can access premium content.
(A). Enable API caching and throttling on the API Gateway API
(B). Set up AWS WAF on the API Gateway API Create a rule to filter users who have a subscription
(C). Apply fine-grained IAM permissions to the premium content in the DynamoDB table
(D). Implement API usage plans and API keys to limit the access of users who do not have a
subscription.
Answer: C

NO.303 A company is developing an application that provides order shipping statistics for retrieval
by a REST API.
The company wants to extract the shipping statistics, organize the data into an easy-to-read HTML
format, and send the report to several email addresses at the same time every morning.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose
two.)
(A). Configure the application to send the data to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose.
(B). Use Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to format the data and to send the report by
email.
(C). Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled event that invokes an
AWS Glue job to query the application's API for the data.
(D). Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled event that invokes an
AWS Lambda function to query the application's API for the data.
(E). Store the application data in Amazon S3. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon
SNS) topic as an S3 event destination to send the report by
Answer: D,E

NO.304 A company wants to manage Amazon Machine Images (AMIs). The company currently
copies AMIs to the same AWS Region where the AMIs were created. The company needs to design an
application that captures AWS API calls and sends alerts whenever the Amazon EC2 Createlmage API
operation is called within the company's account.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Create an AWS Lambda function to query AWS CloudTrail logs and to send an alert when a
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
125
Createlmage API call is detected.
(B). Configure AWS CloudTrail with an Amazon Simple Notification Service {Amazon SNS) notification
that occurs when updated logs are sent to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to create a new table and
to query on Createlmage when an API call is detected.
(C). Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule for the Createlmage API call.
Configure the target as an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to send an alert
when a Createlmage API call is detected.
(D). Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue as a target for AWS
CloudTrail logs. Create an AWS Lambda function to send an alert to an Amazon Simple Notification
Service (Amazon SNS) topic when a Createlmage API call is detected.
Answer: B

NO.305 A company is developing an ecommerce application that will consist of a load-balanced
front end, a container-based application, and a relational database. A solutions architect needs to
create a highly available solution that operates with as little manual intervention as possible.
Which solutions meet these requirements? (Select TWO.)
(A). Create an Amazon RDS DB instance in Multi-AZ mode.
(B). Create an Amazon RDS DB instance and one or more replicas in another Availability Zone.
(C). Create an Amazon EC2 in stance-based Docker cluster to handle the dynamic application load.
(D). Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with a Fargate launch type to
handle the dynamic application load.
(E). Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with an Amazon EC2 launch
type to handle the dynamic application load.
Answer: A,D

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/Welcome.html
1. Relational database: RDS
2. Container-based applications: ECS
"Amazon ECS enables you to launch and stop your container-based applications by using simple API
calls.
You can also retrieve the state of your cluster from a centralized service and have access to many
familiar Amazon EC2 features."
3. Little manual intervention: Fargate
You can run your tasks and services on a serverless infrastructure that is managed by AWS Fargate.
Alternatively, for more control over your infrastructure, you can run your tasks and services on a
cluster of Amazon EC2 instances that you manage.

NO.306 A company hosts a multi-tier web application that uses an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster
for storage.
The application tier is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. The company's IT security guidelines
mandate that the database credentials be encrypted and rotated every 14 days What should a
solutions architect do to meet this requirement with the LEAST operational effort?
(A). Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key Use AWS Secrets
Manager to create a new secret that uses the KMS key with the appropriate credentials Associate the
secret with the Aurora DB cluster Configure a custom rotation period of 14 days
(B). Create two parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store one for the user name as a
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
126
string parameter and one that uses the SecureStnng type for the password Select AWS Key
Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption for the password parameter, and load these parameters
in the application tier Implement an AWS Lambda function that rotates the password every 14 days.
(C). Store a file that contains the credentials in an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
encrypted Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system Mount the EFS file system in all EC2
instances of the application tier. Restrict the access to the file on the file system so that the
application can read the file and that only super users can modify the file Implement an AWS Lambda
function that rotates the key in Aurora every 14 days and writes new credentials into the file
(D). Store a file that contains the credentials in an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
encrypted Amazon S3 bucket that the application uses to load the credentials Download the file to
the application regularly to ensure that the correct credentials are used Implement an AWS Lambda
function that rotates the Aurora credentials every 14 days and uploads these credentials to the file in
the S3 bucket
Answer: A

NO.307 A media company collects and analyzes user activity data on premises. The company wants
to migrate this capability to AWS. The user activity data store will continue to grow and will be
petabytes in size. The company needs to build a highly available data ingestion solution that
facilitates on-demand analytics of existing data and new data with SQL.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Send activity data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream. Configure the stream to deliver the data to
an Amazon S3 bucket.
(B). Send activity data to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream. Configure the stream to
deliver the data to an Amazon Redshift cluster.
(C). Place activity data in an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure Amazon S3 to run an AWS Lambda function
on the data as the data arrives in the S3 bucket.
(D). Create an ingestion service on Amazon EC2 instances that are spread across multiple Availability
Zones. Configure the service to forward data to an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ database.
Answer: B

Explanation
Amazon Redshift is a fully managed, petabyte-scale data warehouse service in the cloud. You can
start with just a few hundred gigabytes of data and scale to a petabyte or more. This allows you to
use your data to gain new insights for your business and customers. The first step to create a data
warehouse is to launch a set of nodes, called an Amazon Redshift cluster. After you provision your
cluster, you can upload your data set and then perform data analysis queries. Regardless of the size
of the data set, Amazon Redshift offers fast query performance using the same SQL-based tools and
business intelligence applications that you use today.

NO.308 A company runs a public three-Tier web application in a VPC The application runs on
Amazon EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones. The EC2 instances that run in private
subnets need to communicate with a license server over the internet The company needs a managed
solution that minimizes operational maintenance Which solution meets these requirements''
(A). Provision a NAT instance in a public subnet Modify each private subnets route table with a
default route that points to the NAT instance
(B). Provision a NAT instance in a private subnet Modify each private subnet's route table with a
default route that points to the NAT instance
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
127
(C). Provision a NAT gateway in a public subnet Modify each private subnet's route table with a
default route that points to the NAT gateway
(D). Provision a NAT gateway in a private subnet Modify each private subnet's route table with a
default route that points to the NAT gateway .
Answer: C

NO.309 A company has applications that run on Amazon EC2 instances in a VPC. One of the
applications needs to call the Amazon S3 API to store and read objects. According to the company's
security regulations, no traffic from the applications is allowed to travel across the internet.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Configure an S3 interface endpoint.
(B). Configure an S3 gateway endpoint.
(C). Create an S3 bucket in a private subnet.
(D). Create an S3 bucket in the same Region as the EC2 instance.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/privatelink-interfaceendpoints.html#types-of-vpc-end
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-endpoints-s3.html

NO.310 A hospital is designing a new application that gathers symptoms from patients. The hospital
has decided to use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS) and Amazon Simple Notification
Service (Amazon SNS) in the architecture.
A solutions architect is reviewing the infrastructure design Data must be encrypted at test and in
transit. Only authorized personnel of the hospital should be able to access the data.
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Select
TWO.)
Answer: B,D

NO.311 A company hosts a marketing website in an on-premises data center. The website consists
of static documents and runs on a single server. An administrator updates the website content
infrequently and uses an SFTP client to upload new documents.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
128
The company decides to host its website on AWS and to use Amazon CloudFront. The company's
solutions architect creates a CloudFront distribution. The solutions architect must design the most
cost-effective and resilient architecture for website hosting to serve as the CloudFront origin.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Create a virtual server by using Amazon Lightsail. Configure the web server in the Lightsail
instance.
Upload website content by using an SFTP client.
(B). Create an AWS Auto Scaling group for Amazon EC2 instances. Use an Application Load Balancer.
Upload website content by using an SFTP client.
(C). Create a private Amazon S3 bucket. Use an S3 bucket policy to allow access from a CloudFront
origin access identity (OAI). Upload website content by using theAWSCLI.
(D). Create a public Amazon S3 bucket. Configure AWS Transfer for SFTP. Configure the S3 bucket for
website hosting. Upload website content by using the SFTP client.
Answer: C

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/transfer/describe-server.html

NO.312 A company wants to configure its Amazon CloudFront distribution to use SSL/TLS
certificates. The company does not want to use the default domain name for the distribution.
Instead, the company wants to use a different domain name for the distribution.
Which solution will deploy the certificate with incurring any additional costs?
(A). Request an Amazon issued private certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the useast-1 Region
(B). Request an Amazon issued private certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the uswest-1 Region.
(C). Request an Amazon issued public certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACU) in the us-east-1
Region
(D). Request an Amazon issued public certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACU) in the us-west1 Regon.
Answer: B

NO.313 A payment processing company records all voice communication with its customers and
stores the audio files in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company needs to capture the text from the audio
files. The company must remove from the text any personally identifiable information (Pll) that
belongs to customers.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Process the audio files by using Amazon Kinesis Video Streams. Use an AWS Lambda function to
scan for known Pll patterns.
(B). When an audio file is uploaded to the S3 bucket, invoke an AWS Lambda function to start an
Amazon Textract task to analyze the call recordings.
(C). Configure an Amazon Transcribe transcription job with Pll redaction turned on. When an audio
file is uploaded to the S3 bucket, invoke an AWS Lambda function to start the transcription job. Store
the output in a separate S3 bucket.
(D). Create an Amazon Connect contact flow that ingests the audio files with transcription turned on.
Embed an AWS Lambda function to scan for known Pll patterns. Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon
CloudWatch Events) to start the contact flow when an audio file is uploaded to the S3 bucket.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
129
Answer: C

NO.314 A company wants to use high performance computing (HPC) infrastructure on AWS for
financial risk modeling. The company's HPC workloads run on Linux. Each HPC workflow runs on
hundreds of Amazon EC2 Spot Instances, is shorl-lived, and generates thousands of output files that
are ultimately stored in persistent storage for analytics and long-term future use.
The company seeks a cloud storage solution that permits the copying of on-premises data to longterm persistent storage to make data available for processing by all EC2 instances. The solution
should also be a high performance file system that is integrated with persistent storage to read and
write datasets and output files.
Which combination of AWS services meets these requirements?
(A). Amazon FSx for Lustre integrated with Amazon S3
(B). Amazon FSx for Windows File Server integrated with Amazon S3
(C). Amazon S3 Glacier integrated with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
(D). Amazon S3 bucket with a VPC endpoint integrated with an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon
EBS) General Purpose SSD (gp2) volume
Answer: A

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/lustre/
Amazon FSx for Lustre is a fully managed service that provides cost-effective, high-performance,
scalable storage for compute workloads. Many workloads such as machine learning, high
performance computing (HPC), video rendering, and financial simulations depend on compute
instances accessing the same set of data through high-performance shared storage.

NO.315 An entertainment company is using Amazon DynamoDB to store media metadata. The
application is read intensive and experiencing delays. The company does not have staff to handle
additional operational overhead and needs to improve the performance efficiency of DynamoDB
without reconfiguring the application.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement?
(A). Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis.
(B). Use Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX).
(C). Replicate data by using DynamoDB global tables.
(D). Use Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached with Auto Discovery enabled.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/dax/

NO.316 A company has an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances and uses an Amazon
Aurora database. The EC2 instances connect to the database by using user names and passwords that
are stored locally in a file. The company wants to minimize the operational overhead of credential
management.
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this goal?
(A). Use AWS Secrets Manager. Turn on automatic rotation.
(B). Use AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Turn on automatic rotation.
(C). Create an Amazon S3 bucket lo store objects that are encrypted with an AWS Key C.
Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key. Migrate the credential file to the S3 bucket. Point
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
130
the application to the S3 bucket.
(D). Create an encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume (or each EC2 instance.
Attach the new EBS volume to each EC2 instance. Migrate the credential file to the new EBS volume.
Point the application to the new EBS volume.
Answer: A

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/cn/blogs/security/how-to-connect-to-aws-secrets-manager-service-withina-virtual-priva
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/rotate-amazon-rds-database-credentials-automaticallywith-aws-secrets-m

NO.317 A company wants to migrate a Windows-based application from on premises to the AWS
Cloud. The application has three tiers, a business tier, and a database tier with Microsoft SQL Server.
The company wants to use specific features of SQL Server such as native backups and Data Quality
Services. The company also needs to share files for process between the tiers.
How should a solution architect design the architecture to meet these requirements?
(A). Host all three on Amazon instances. Use Mmazon FSx File Gateway for file sharing between tiers.
(B). Host all three on Amazon EC2 instances. Use Amazon FSx for Windows file sharing between the
tiers.
(C). Host the application tier and the business tier on Amazon EC2 instances. Host the database tier
on Amazon RDS. Use Amazon Elastic File system (Amazon EFS) for file sharing between the tiers.
(D). Host the application tier and the business tier on Amazon EC2 instances. Host the database tier
on Amazon RDS. Use a Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume
for file sharing between the tiers.
Answer: B

NO.318 A company performs monthly maintenance on its AWS infrastructure. During these
maintenance activities, the company needs to rotate the credentials tor its Amazon ROS tor MySQL
databases across multiple AWS Regions Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST
operational overhead?
(A). Store the credentials as secrets in AWS Secrets Manager. Use multi-Region secret replication for
the required Regions Configure Secrets Manager to rotate the secrets on a schedule
(B). Store the credentials as secrets in AWS Systems Manager by creating a secure string parameter
Use multi-Region secret replication for the required Regions Configure Systems Manager to rotate
the secrets on a schedule
(C). Store the credentials in an Amazon S3 bucket that has server-side encryption (SSE) enabled Use
Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to invoke an AWS Lambda function to rotate the
credentials
(D). Encrypt the credentials as secrets by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) multiRegion customer managed keys Store the secrets in an Amazon DynamoDB global table Use an AWS
Lambda function to retrieve the secrets from DynamoDB Use the RDS API to rotate the secrets.
Answer: A

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-replicate-secrets-aws-secrets-manager-multipleregions/
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
131

NO.319 A company selves a dynamic website from a flee! of Amazon EC2 instances behind an
Application Load Balancer (ALB) The website needs to support multiple languages to serve customers
around the world The website's architecture is running in the us-west-1 Region and is exhibiting high
request latency tor users that are located in other parts of the world The website needs to serve
requests quickly and efficiently regardless of a user's location However the company does not want
to recreate the existing architecture across multiple Regions What should a solutions architect do to
meet these requirements?
(A). Replace the existing architecture with a website that is served from an Amazon S3 bucket
Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the S3 bucket as the origin Set the cache behavior
settings to cache based on the Accept-Language request header
(B). Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the ALB as the origin Set the cache behavior
settings to cache based on the Accept-Language request header
(C). Create an Amazon API Gateway API that is integrated with the ALB Configure the API to use the
HTTP integration type Set up an API Gateway stage to enable the API cache based on the AcceptLanguage request header
(D). Launch an EC2 instance in each additional Region and configure NGINX to act as a cache server
for that Region Put all the EC2 instances and the ALB behind an Amazon Route 53 record set with a
geolocation routing policy
Answer: B

NO.320 A company is hosting a static website on Amazon S3 and is using Amazon Route 53 for DNS.
The website is experiencing increased demand from around the world. The company must decrease
latency for users who access the website.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
Answer: C

NO.321 A company is using a content management system that runs on a single Amazon EC2
instance. The EC2 instance contains both the web server and the database software. The company
must make its website platform highly available and must enable the website to scale to meet user
demand.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
(A). Move the database to Amazon RDS, and enable automatic backups. Manually launch another EC2
instance in the same Availability Zone. Configure an Application Load Balancer in the Availability
Zone, and set the two instances as targets.
(B). Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora instance with a read replica in the same Availability
Zone as the existing EC2 instance. Manually launch another EC2 instance in the same Availability
Zone.
Configure an Application Load Balancer, and set the two EC2 instances as targets.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
132
(C). Move the database to Amazon Aurora with a read replica in another Availability Zone. Create an
Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the EC2 instance. Configure an Application Load Balancer in two
Availability Zones. Attach an Auto Scaling group that uses the AMI across two Availability Zones.
(D). Move the database to a separate EC2 instance, and schedule backups to Amazon S3. Create an
Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the original EC2 instance. Configure an Application Load Balancer
in two Availability Zones. Attach an Auto Scaling group that uses the AMI across two Availability
Zones.
Answer: C

Explanation
This approach will provide both high availability and scalability for the website platform. By moving
the database to Amazon Aurora with a read replica in another availability zone, it will provide a
failover option for the database. The use of an Application Load Balancer and an Auto Scaling group
across two availability zones allows for automatic scaling of the website to meet increased user
demand. Additionally, creating an AMI from the original EC2 instance allows for easy replication of
the instance in case of failure.

NO.322 A company needs to retain its AWS CloudTrail logs for 3 years. The company is enforcing
CloudTrail across a set of AWS accounts by using AWS Organizations from the parent account. The
CloudTrail target S3 bucket is configured with S3 Versioning enabled. An S3 Lifecycle policy is in place
to delete current objects after 3 years.
After the fourth year of use of the S3 bucket, the S3 bucket metrics show that the number of objects
has continued to rise. However, the number of new CloudTrail logs that are delivered to the S3
bucket has remained consistent.
Which solution will delete objects that are older than 3 years in the MOST cost-effective manner?
(A). Configure the organization's centralized CloudTrail trail to expire objects after 3 years.
(B). Configure the S3 Lifecycle policy to delete previous versions as well as current versions.
(C). Create an AWS Lambda function to enumerate and delete objects from Amazon S3 that are older
than 3 years.
(D). Configure the parent account as the owner of all objects that are delivered to the S3 bucket.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/best-practicessecurity.html#:~:text=The%20CloudT

NO.323 A transaction processing company has weekly scripted batch jobs that run on Amazon EC2
instances. The EC2 instances are in an Auto Scaling group. The number of transactions can vary but
the beseline CPU utilization that is noted on each run is at least 60%. The company needs to provision
the capacity 30 minutes before the jobs run.
Currently engineering complete this task by manually modifying the Auto Scaling group parameters.
The company does not have the resources to analyze the required capacity trends for the Auto
Scaling group counts. The company needs an automated way to modify the Auto Scaling group's
capacity.
Which solution will meet these requiements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Ceate a dynamic scalling policy for the Auto Scaling group. Configure the policy to scale based on
the CPU utilization metric to 60%.
(B). Create a scheduled scaling polcy for the Auto Scaling group. Set the appropriate desired capacity,
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
133
minimum capacity, and maximum capacity. Set the recurrence to weekly. Set the start time to 30
minutes. Before the batch jobs run.
(C). Create a predictive scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group. Configure the policy to scale based
on forecast. Set the scaling metric to CPU utilization. Set the target value for the metric to 60%. In the
Policy, set the instances to pre-launch 30 minutes before the jobs run.
(D). Create an Amazon EventBridge event to invoke an AWS Lamda function when the CPU utilization
metric value for the Auto Scaling group reaches 60%. Configure the Lambda function to increase the
Auto Scaling group's desired capacity and maximum capacity by 20%.
Answer: C

NO.324 A company is building a new web-based customer relationship management application.
The application will use several Amazon EC2 instances that are backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store
(Amazon EBS) volumes behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The application will also use an
Amazon Aurora database. All data for the application must be encrypted at rest and in transit.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) certificates on the ALB to encrypt data in transit.
Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to encrypt the EBS volumes and Aurora database storage at rest.
(B). Use the AWS root account to log in to the AWS Management Console. Upload the company's
encryption certificates. While in the root account, select the option to turn on encryption for all data
at rest and in transit for the account.
(C). Use a AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to encrypt the EBS volumes and Aurora
database storage at rest. Attach an AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) certificate to the ALB to encrypt
data in transit.
(D). Use BitLocker to encrypt all data at rest. Import the company's TLS certificate keys to AWS key
Management Service (AWS KMS). Attach the KMS keys to the ALB to encrypt data in transit.
Answer: C

NO.325 A company wants to improve its ability to clone large amounts of production data into a test
environment in the same AWS Region. The data is stored in Amazon EC2 instances on Amazon Elastic
Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. Modifications to the cloned data must not affect the production
environment. The software that accesses this data requires consistently high I/O performance.
A solutions architect needs to minimize the time that is required to clone the production data into
the test environment.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Restore the snapshots onto EC2 instance
store volumes in the test environment.
(B). Configure the production EBS volumes to use the EBS Multi-Attach feature. Take EBS snapshots
of the production EBS volumes. Attach the production EBS volumes to the EC2 instances in the test
environment.
(C). Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Create and initialize new EBS volumes. Attach
the new EBS volumes to EC2 instances in the test environment before restoring the volumes from the
production EBS snapshots.
(D). Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes. Turn on the EBS fast snapshot restore
feature on the EBS snapshots. Restore the snapshots into new EBS volumes. Attach the new EBS
volumes to EC2 instances in the test environment.
Answer: C
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
134

NO.326 An ecommerce company has noticed performance degradation of its Amazon RDS based
web application. The performance degradation is attributed to an increase in the number of readonly SQL queries triggered by business analysts. A solutions architect needs to solve the problem with
minimal changes to the existing web application.
What should the solutions architect recommend?
(A). Export the data to Amazon DynamoDB and have the business analysts run their queries.
(B). Load the data into Amazon ElastiCache and have the business analysts run their queries.
(C). Create a read replica of the primary database and have the business analysts run their queries.
(D). Copy the data into an Amazon Redshift cluster and have the business analysts run their queries
Answer: C

Explanation
Creating a read replica of the primary RDS database will offload the read-only SQL queries from the
primary database, which will help to improve the performance of the web application. Read replicas
are exact copies of the primary database that can be used to handle read-only traffic, which will
reduce the load on the primary database and improve the performance of the web application. This
solution can be implemented with minimal changes to the existing web application, as the business
analysts can continue to run their queries on the read replica without modifying the code.

NO.327 A company is planning to store data on Amazon RDS DB instances. The company must
encrypt the data at rest.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?
(A). Create an encryption key and store the key in AWS Secrets Manager Use the key to encrypt the
DB instances
(B). Generate a certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Enable SSL/TLS on the DB instances by
using the certificate
(C). Create a customer master key (CMK) in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) Enable
encryption for the DB instances
(D). Generate a certificate in AWS Identity and Access Management {IAM) Enable SSUTLS on the DB
instances by using the certificate
Answer: C

NO.328 A company is concerned about the security of its public web application due to recent web
attacks. The application uses an Application Load Balancer (ALB). A solutions architect must reduce
the risk of DDoS attacks against the application.
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement?
(A). Add an Amazon Inspector agent to the ALB.
(B). Configure Amazon Macie to prevent attacks.
(C). Enable AWS Shield Advanced to prevent attacks.
(D). Configure Amazon GuardDuty to monitor the ALB.
Answer: C

NO.329 An ecommerce company wants to launch a one-deal-a-day website on AWS. Each day will
feature exactly one product on sale for a period of 24 hours. The company wants to be able to handle
millions of requests each hour with millisecond latency during peak hours.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
135
(A). Use Amazon S3 to host the full website in different S3 buckets Add Amazon CloudFront
distributions Set the S3 buckets as origins for the distributions Store the order data in Amazon S3
(B). Deploy the full website on Amazon EC2 instances that run in Auto Scaling groups across multiple
Availability Zones Add an Application Load Balancer (ALB) to distribute the website traffic Add
another ALB for the backend APIs Store the data in Amazon RDS for MySQL
(C). Migrate the full application to run in containers Host the containers on Amazon Elastic
Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) Use the Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler to increase and decrease
the number of pods to process bursts in traffic Store the data in Amazon RDS for MySQL
(D). Use an Amazon S3 bucket to host the website's static content Deploy an Amazon CloudFront
distribution. Set the S3 bucket as the origin Use Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda functions for
the backend APIs Store the data in Amazon DynamoDB
Answer: D

NO.330 A company runs a high performance computing (HPC) workload on AWS. The workload
required low-latency network performance and high network throughput with tightly coupled nodeto-node communication. The Amazon EC2 instances are properly sized for compute and storage
capacity, and are launched using default options.
What should a solutions architect propose to improve the performance of the workload?
Answer: A

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-ec2-
placementgroup.html
"A cluster placement group is a logical grouping of instances within a single Availability Zone that
benefit from low network latency, high network throughput"

NO.331 An ecommerce company has an order-processing application that uses Amazon API
Gateway and an AWS Lambda function. The application stores data in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL
database. During a recent sales event, a sudden surge in customer orders occurred. Some customers
experienced timeouts and the application did not process the orders of those customers A solutions
architect determined that the CPU utilization and memory utilization were high on the database
because of a large number of open connections The solutions architect needs to prevent the timeout
errors while making the least possible changes to the application.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda function Modify the database to be a global
database in multiple AWS Regions
(B). Use Amazon RDS Proxy to create a proxy for the database Modify the Lambda function to use the
RDS Proxy endpoint instead of the database endpoint
(C). Create a read replica for the database in a different AWS Region Use query string parameters in
API Gateway to route traffic to the read replica
(D). Migrate the data from Aurora PostgreSQL to Amazon DynamoDB by using AWS Database
Migration Service (AWS DMS| Modify the Lambda function to use the OynamoDB table
Answer: D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
136

NO.332 A company is preparing to deploy a new serverless workload. A solutions architect must use
the principle of least privilege to configure permissions that will be used to run an AWS Lambda
function. An Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule will invoke the function.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Add an execution role to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and * as the
principal.
(B). Add an execution role to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and
Service:amazonaws.com as the principal.
(C). Add a resource-based policy to the function with lambda:'* as the action and
Service:events.amazonaws.com as the principal.
(D). Add a resource-based policy to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and
Service:events.amazonaws.com as the principal.
Answer: D

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/resource-based-policieseventbridge.html#lambda-per

NO.333 A medical research lab produces data that is related to a new study. The lab wants to make
the data available with minimum latency to clinics across the country for their on-premises, filebased applications. The data files are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket that has read-only permissions
for each clinic.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
(A). Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway as a virtual machine (VM) on premises at each
clinic
(B). Migrate the files to each clinic's on-premises applications by using AWS DataSync for processing.
(C). Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway as a virtual machine (VM) on premises at each
clinic.
(D). Attach an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system to each clinic's on-premises
servers.
Answer: A

Explanation
AWS Storage Gateway is a service that connects an on-premises software appliance with cloud-based
storage to provide seamless and secure integration between an organization's on-premises IT
environment and AWS's storage infrastructure. By deploying a file gateway as a virtual machine on
each clinic's premises, the medical research lab can provide low-latency access to the data stored in
the S3 bucket while maintaining read-only permissions for each clinic. This solution allows the clinics
to access the data files directly from their on-premises file-based applications without the need for
data transfer or migration.

NO.334 A company is running a publicly accessible serverless application that uses Amazon API
Gateway and AWS Lambda. The application's traffic recently spiked due to fraudulent requests from
botnets.
Which steps should a solutions architect take to block requests from unauthorized users? (Select
TWO.)
(A). Create a usage plan with an API key that is shared with genuine users only.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
137
(B). Integrate logic within the Lambda function to ignore the requests from fraudulent IP addresses.
(C). Implement an AWS WAF rule to target malicious requests and trigger actions to filter them out.
(D). Convert the existing public API to a private API. Update the DNS records to redirect users to the
new API endpoint.
(E). Create an IAM role for each user attempting to access the API. A user will assume the role when
making the API call.
Answer: A,C

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-api-usageplans.html#:~:text=Don%
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-api-usage-plans.html

NO.335 A company needs to store its accounting records in Amazon S3. The records must be
immediately accessible for 1 year and then must be archived for an additional 9 years. No one at the
company, including administrative users and root users, can be able to delete the records during the
entire 10-year period. The records must be stored with maximum resiliency.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Store the records in S3 Glacier for the entire 10-year period. Use an access control policy to deny
deletion of the records for a period of 10 years.
(B). Store the records by using S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Use an IAM policy to deny deletion of the
records.
After 10 years, change the IAM policy to allow deletion.
(C). Use an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the records from S3 Standard to S3 Glacier Deep Archive
after
1 year. Use S3 Object Lock in compliance mode for a period of 10 years.
(D). Use an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the records from S3 Standard to S3 One Zone-Infrequent
Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 1 year. Use S3 Object Lock in governance mode for a period of 10
years.
Answer: C

NO.336 A company that hosts its web application on AWS wants to ensure all Amazon EC2
instances. Amazon RDS DB instances. and Amazon Redshift clusters are configured with tags. The
company wants to minimize the effort of configuring and operating this check.
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this?
(A). Use AWS Config rules to define and detect resources that are not properly tagged.
(B). Use Cost Explorer to display resources that are not properly tagged. Tag those resources
manually.
(C). Write API calls to check all resources for proper tag allocation. Periodically run the code on an
EC2 instance.
(D). Write API calls to check all resources for proper tag allocation. Schedule an AWS Lambda function
through Amazon CloudWatch to periodically run the code.
Answer: A

NO.337 An application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance that has an Elastic IP address in VPC A. The
application requires access to a database in VPC B. Both VPCs are in the same AWS account.
Which solution will provide the required access MOST securely?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
138
(A). Create a DB instance security group that allows all traffic from the public IP address of the
application server in VPC A.
(B). Configure a VPC peering connection between VPC A and VPC B.
(C). Make the DB instance publicly accessible. Assign a public IP address to the DB instance.
(D). Launch an EC2 instance with an Elastic IP address into VPC B. Proxy all requests through the new
EC2 instance.
Answer: B

NO.338 A reporting team receives files each day in an Amazon S3 bucket. The reporting team
manually reviews and copies the files from this initial S3 bucket to an analysis S3 bucket each day at
the same time to use with Amazon QuickSight. Additional teams are starting to send more files in
larger sizes to the initial S3 bucket.
The reporting team wants to move the files automatically analysis S3 bucket as the files enter the
initial S3 bucket. The reporting team also wants to use AWS Lambda functions to run patternmatching code on the copied data. In addition, the reporting team wants to send the data files to a
pipeline in Amazon SageMaker Pipelines.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST operational
overhead?
(A). Create a Lambda function to copy the files to the analysis S3 bucket. Create an S3 event
notification for the analysis S3 bucket. Configure Lambda and SageMaker Pipelines as destinations of
the event notification. Configure s30bjectCreated:Put as the event type.
(B). Create a Lambda function to copy the files to the analysis S3 bucket. Configure the analysis S3
bucket to send event notifications to Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events). Configure
an ObjectCreated rule in EventBridge (CloudWatch Events). Configure Lambda and SageMaker
Pipelines as targets for the rule.
(C). Configure S3 replication between the S3 buckets. Create an S3 event notification for the analysis
S3 bucket. Configure Lambda and SageMaker Pipelines as destinations of the event notification.
Configure s30bjectCreated:Put as the event type.
(D). Configure S3 replication between the S3 buckets. Configure the analysis S3 bucket to send event
notifications to Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events). Configure an ObjectCreated rule
in EventBridge (CloudWatch Events). Configure Lambda and SageMaker Pipelines as targets for the
rule.
Answer: A

NO.339 A company's containerized application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application
needs to download security certificates before it can communicate with other business applications.
The company wants a highly secure solution to encrypt and decrypt the certificates in near real time.
The solution also needs to store data in highly available storage after the data is encrypted.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Create AWS Secrets Manager secrets for encrypted certificates. Manually update the certificates
as needed. Control access to the data by using fine-grained IAM access.
(B). Create an AWS Lambda function that uses the Python cryptography library to receive and
perform encryption operations. Store the function in an Amazon S3 bucket.
(C). Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Allow the EC2 role
to use the KMS key for encryption operations. Store the encrypted data on Amazon S3.
(D). Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Allow the EC2 role
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
139
to use the KMS key for encryption operations. Store the encrypted data on Amazon Elastic Block
Store (Amazon EBS) volumes.
Answer: D

NO.340 A solutions architect must secure a VPC network that hosts Amazon EC2 instances The EC2
^stances contain highly sensitive data and tun n a private subnet According to company policy the
EC2 instances mat run m the VPC can access only approved third-party software repositories on the
internet for software product updates that use the third party's URL Other internet traffic must be
blocked.
Which solution meets these requirements?
Answer: C

NO.341 A company runs demonstration environments for its customers on Amazon EC2 instances.
Each environment is isolated in its own VPC. The company's operations team needs to be notified
when RDP or SSH access to an environment has been established.
(A). Configure Amazon CloudWatch Application Insights to create AWS Systems Manager OpsItems
when RDP or SSH access is detected.
(B). Configure the EC2 instances with an IAM instance profile that has an IAM role with the
AmazonSSMManagedInstanceCore policy attached.
(C). Publish VPC flow logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Create required metric filters. Create an
Amazon CloudWatch metric alarm with a notification action for when the alarm is in the ALARM
state.
(D). Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule to listen for events of type EC2 Instance State-change
Notification. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic as a target.
Subscribe the operations team to the topic.
Answer: C

NO.342 A company's application Is having performance issues The application staleful and needs to
complete m-memory tasks on Amazon EC2 instances. The company used AWS CloudFormation to
deploy infrastructure and used the M5 EC2 Instance family As traffic increased, the application
performance degraded Users are reporting delays when the users attempt to access the application.
Which solution will resolve these issues in the MOST operationally efficient way?
(A). Replace the EC2 Instances with T3 EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group. Made the
changes by using the AWS Management Console.
(B). Modify the CloudFormation templates to run the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. Increase
the desired capacity and the maximum capacity of the Auto Scaling group manually when an increase
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
140
is necessary
(C). Modify the CloudFormation templates. Replace the EC2 instances with R5 EC2 instances. Use
Amazon CloudWatch built-in EC2 memory metrics to track the application performance for future
capacity planning.
(D). Modify the CloudFormation templates. Replace the EC2 instances with R5 EC2 instances. Deploy
the Amazon CloudWatch agent on the EC2 instances to generate custom application latency metrics
for future capacity planning.
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/cloudwatch-memory-metrics-ec2/

NO.343 An online retail company has more than 50 million active customers and receives more than
25,000 orders each day. The company collects purchase data for customers and stores this data in
Amazon S3. Additional customer data is stored in Amazon RDS.
The company wants to make all the data available to various teams so that the teams can perform
analytics.
The solution must provide the ability to manage fine-grained permissions for the data and must
minimize operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Migrate the purchase data to write directly to Amazon RDS. Use RDS access controls to limit
access.
(B). Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically copy data from Amazon RDS to Amazon S3.
Create an AWS Glue crawler. Use Amazon Athena to query the data. Use S3 policies to limit access.
(C). Create a data lake by using AWS Lake Formation. Create an AWS Glue JDBC connection to
Amazon RDS. Register the S3 bucket in Lake Formation. Use Lake Formation access controls to limit
access.
(D). Create an Amazon Redshift cluster. Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically copy data
from Amazon S3 and Amazon RDS to Amazon Redshift. Use Amazon Redshift access controls to limit
access.
Answer: C

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/manage-fine-grained-access-control-using-aws-lakeformation/

NO.344 A company's website uses an Amazon EC2 instance store for its catalog of items. The
company wants to make sure that the catalog is highly available and that the catalog is stored in a
durable location.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Move the catalog to Amazon ElastiCache for Redis.
(B). Deploy a larger EC2 instance with a larger instance store.
(C). Move the catalog from the instance store to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
(D). Move the catalog to an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system.
Answer: A

NO.345 A company runs an application using Amazon ECS. The application creates esi/ed versions of
an original image and then makes Amazon S3 API calls to store the resized images in Amazon S3.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
141
How can a solutions architect ensure that the application has permission to access Amazon S3?
(A). Update the S3 role in AWS IAM to allow read/write access from Amazon ECS, and then relaunch
the container.
(B). Create an IAM role with S3 permissions, and then specify that role as the taskRoleAm in the task
definition.
(C). Create a security group that allows access from Amazon ECS to Amazon S3, and update the
launch configuration used by the ECS cluster.
(D). Create an IAM user with S3 permissions, and then relaunch the Amazon EC2 instances for the ECS
cluster while logged in as this account.
Answer: B

NO.346 A company is migrating its on-premises workload to the AWS Cloud. The company already
uses several Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon RDS DB instances. The company wants a solution
that automatically starts and stops the EC2 instances and D6 instances outside of business hours. The
solution must minimize cost and infrastructure maintenance.
Which solution will meet these requirement?
(A). Scale the EC2 instances by using elastic resize Scale the DB instances to zero outside of business
hours
(B). Explore AWS Marketplace for partner solutions that will automatically start and stop the EC2
Instances and OB instances on a schedule
(C). Launch another EC2 instance. Configure a crontab schedule to run shell scripts that will start and
stop the existing EC2 instances and DB instances on a schedule.
(D). Create an AWS Lambda function that will start and stop the EC2 instances and DB instances
Configure Amazon EventBridge to invoke the Lambda function on a schedule
Answer: D

NO.347 A financial company hosts a web application on AWS. The application uses an Amazon API
Gateway Regional API endpoint to give users the ability to retrieve current stock prices. The
company's security team has noticed an increase in the number of API requests. The security team is
concerned that HTTP flood attacks might take the application offline.
A solutions architect must design a solution to protect the application from this type of attack.
Which solution meats these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the API Gateway Regional API endpoint
with a maximum TTL of 24 hours
(B). Create a Regional AWS WAF web ACL with a rate-based rule. Associate the web ACL with the API
Gateway stage.
(C). Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the Count metric and alert the security team when
the predefined rate is reached
(D). Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with Lambda@Edge in front of the API Gateway
Regional API endpoint Create an AWS Lambda function to block requests from IP addresses that
exceed the predefined rate.
Answer: B

NO.348 A company has a three-tier application for image sharing. The application uses an Amazon
EC2 instance for the front-end layer, another EC2 instance for the application layer, and a third EC2
instance for a MySQL database. A solutions architect must design a scalable and highly available
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
142
solution that requires the least amount of change to the application.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Use Amazon S3 to host the front-end layer. Use AWS Lambda functions for the application layer.
Move the database to an Amazon DynamoDB table. Use Amazon S3 to store and serve users' images.
(B). Use load-balanced Multi-AZ AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments for the front-end layer and the
application layer. Move the database to an Amazon RDS DB instance with multiple read replicas to
serve users' images.
(C). Use Amazon S3 to host the front-end layer. Use a fleet of EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group
for the application layer. Move the database to a memory optimized instance type to store and serve
users' images.
(D). Use load-balanced Multi-AZ AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments for the front-end layer and the
application layer. Move the database to an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance. Use Amazon S3 to
store and serve users' images.
Answer: D

Explanation
for "Highly available": Multi-AZ & for "least amount of changes to the application": Elastic Beanstalk
automatically handles the deployment, from capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling to
application health monitoring

NO.349 A company's application runs on AWS. The application stores large documents in an Amazon
S3 bucket that uses the S3 Standard-infrequent Access (S3 Standerd-IA) storage class. The company
will continue paying to store the data but wants to save on its total S3 costs. The company wants
authorized external users to have the ability to access the documents in milliseconds.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Configure the S3 bucket to be a Requester Pays bucket
(B). Change the storage tier to S3 Standard for all existing and future objects.
(C). Turn on S3 Transfer Acceleration tor the S3 Docket
(D). Use Amazon CloudFront to handle all the requests to the S3 bucket
Answer: D

NO.350 A solutions architect is designing a two-tier web application The application consists of a
public-facing web tier hosted on Amazon EC2 in public subnets The database tier consists of
Microsoft SQL Server running on Amazon EC2 in a private subnet Security is a high priority for the
company How should security groups be configured in this situation? (Select TWO )
Answer: A,C

Explanation
"Security groups create an outbound rule for every inbound rule." Not completely right. Statefull
does NOT mean that if you create an inbound (or outbound) rule, it will create an outbound (or
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
143
inbound) rule. What it does mean is: suppose you create an inbound rule on port 443 for the X ip.
When a request enters on port 443 from X ip, it will allow traffic out for that request in the port 443.
However, if you look at the outbound rules, there will not be any outbound rule on port 443 unless
explicitly create it. In ACLs, which are stateless, you would have to create an inbound rule to allow
incoming requests and an outbound rule to allow your application responds to those incoming
requests.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html#SecurityGroupRules

NO.351 A company hosts its multi-tier applications on AWS. For compliance, governance, auditing,
and security, the company must track configuration changes on its AWS resources and record a
history of API calls made to these resources.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Use AWS CloudTrail to track configuration changes and AWS Config to record API calls
(B). Use AWS Config to track configuration changes and AWS CloudTrail to record API calls
(C). Use AWS Config to track configuration changes and Amazon CloudWatch to record API calls
(D). Use AWS CloudTrail to track configuration changes and Amazon CloudWatch to record API calls
Answer: B

NO.352 A company's web application is running on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application
Load Balancer. The company recently changed its policy, which now requires the application to be
accessed from one specific country only.
Which configuration will meet this requirement?
(A). Configure the security group for the EC2 instances.
(B). Configure the security group on the Application Load Balancer.
(C). Configure AWS WAF on the Application Load Balancer in a VPC.
(D). Configure the network ACL for the subnet that contains the EC2 instances.
Answer: C

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2017/10/aws-waf-now-supports-geographicmatch/

NO.353 A rapidly growing global ecommerce company is hosting its web application on AWS. The
web application includes static content and dynamic content. The website stores online transaction
processing (OLTP) data in an Amazon RDS database. The website's users are experiencing slow page
loads.
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to resolve this issue? (Select TWO.)
(A). Configure an Amazon Redshift cluster.
(B). Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution
(C). Host the dynamic web content in Amazon S3
(D). Create a t wd replica tor the RDS DB instance.
(E). Configure a Multi-AZ deployment for the RDS DB instance
Answer: B,D

NO.354 A solutions architect is developing a multiple-subnet VPC architecture. The solution will
consist of six subnets in two Availability Zones. The subnets are defined as public, private and
dedicated for databases. Only the Amazon EC2 instances running in the private subnets should be
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
144
able to access a database.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Create a now route table that excludes the route to the public subnets' CIDR blocks. Associate
the route table to the database subnets.
(B). Create a security group that denies ingress from the security group used by instances in the
public subnets. Attach the security group to an Amazon RDS DB instance.
(C). Create a security group that allows ingress from the security group used by instances in the
private subnets. Attach the security group to an Amazon RDS DB instance.
(D). Create a new peering connection between the public subnets and the private subnets. Create a
different peering connection between the private subnets and the database subnets.
Answer: C

Explanation
Security groups are stateful. All inbound traffic is blocked by default. If you create an inbound rule
allowing traffic in, that traffic is automatically allowed back out again. You cannot block specific IP
address using Security groups (instead use Network Access Control Lists).
"You can specify allow rules, but not deny rules." "When you first create a security group, it has no
inbound rules. Therefore, no inbound traffic originating from another host to your instance is allowed
until you add inbound rules to the security group." Source:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html#VPCSecurityGroups

NO.355 A company runs an application on Amazon EC2 Linux instances across multiple Availability
Zones. The application needs a storage layer that is highly available and Portable Operating System
Interface (POSIX) compliant. The storage layer must provide maximum data durability and must be
shareable across the EC2 instances. The data in the storage layer will be accessed frequency for the
first 30 days and will be accessed infrequently alter that time.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Use the Amazon S3 Standard storage class Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to move infrequently
accessed data to S3 Glacier
(B). Use the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to move infrequently
accessed data to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (EF3 Standard-IA).
(C). Use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) Standard storage class. Create a Lifecycle
management policy to move infrequently accessed data to EFS Standard-Infrequent Access (EFS
Standard-IA)
(D). Use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) One Zone storage class. Create a Lifecycle
management policy to move infrequently accessed data to EFS One Zone-Infrequent Access (EFS One
Zone-IA).
Answer: C

NO.356 A company has an automobile sales website that stores its listings in a database on Amazon
RDS When an automobile is sold the listing needs to be removed from the website and the data must
be sent to multiple target systems.
Which design should a solutions architect recommend?
(A). Create an AWS Lambda function triggered when the database on Amazon RDS is updated to send
the information to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS> queue for the targets to
consume
(B). Create an AWS Lambda function triggered when the database on Amazon RDS is updated to send
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
145
the information to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue for the targets to
consume
(C). Subscribe to an RDS event notification and send an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
queue fanned out to multiple Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topics Use AWS
Lambda functions to update the targets
(D). Subscribe to an RDS event notification and send an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon
SNS) topic fanned out to multiple Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues Use AWS
Lambda functions to update the targets
Answer: D

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/services-rds.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/with-sns.html

NO.357 A company is developing a marketing communications service that targets mobile app
users. The company needs to send confirmation messages with Short Message Service (SMS) to its
users. The users must be able to reply to the SMS messages. The company must store the responses
for a year for analysis.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Create an Amazon Connect contact flow to send the SMS messages. Use AWS Lambda to process
the responses.
(B). Build an Amazon Pinpoint journey. Configure Amazon Pinpoint to send events to an Amazon
Kinesis data stream for analysis and archiving.
(C). Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to distribute the SMS messages. Use AWS
Lambda to process the responses.
(D). Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) FIFO topic. Subscribe an Amazon
Kinesis data stream to the SNS topic for analysis and archiving.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/product-details/sms/ Two-Way Messaging: Receive SMS
messages from your customers and reply back to them in a chat-like interactive experience. With
Amazon Pinpoint, you can create automatic responses when customers send you messages that
contain certain keywords. You can even use Amazon Lex to create conversational bots. A majority of
mobile phone users read incoming SMS messages almost immediately after receiving them. If you
need to be able to provide your customers with urgent or important information, SMS messaging
may be the right solution for you. You can use Amazon Pinpoint to create targeted groups of
customers, and then send them campaign-based messages. You can also use Amazon Pinpoint to
send direct messages, such as appointment confirmations, order updates, and one-time passwords.

NO.358 A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and AWS Lambda functions to run its application.
The company has VPCs with public subnets and private subnets in its AWS account. The EC2 instances
run in a private subnet in one of the VPCs. The Lambda functions need direct network access to the
EC2 instances for the application to work.
The application will run for at least 1 year. The company expects the number of Lambda functions
that the application uses to increase during that time. The company wants to maximize its savings on
all application resources and to keep network latency between the services low.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
146
(A). Purchase on an EC2 instance Savings Plan. Optimize the Lambda functions duration and memory
usage and the number of invocations. Connect the Lambda functions to the private subnet that
contains the EC2 instances.
(B). Purchase on an EC2 instance Savings Plan. Optimize the Lambda functions duration and memory
usage and the number of invocation, and the amount of data that is transfered. Connect the Lambda
functions to a public subnet in the same VPC where the EC2 instances run.
(C). Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Optimize the Lambda functions duration and memory usage,
the number of invocations, and the amount of data that is transferred Connect the Lambda function
to the Private subnet that contains the EC2 instances.
(D). Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Optimize the Lambda functions' duration and memory usage,
the number of invocations, and the amount of data that is transferred Keep the Lambda functions in
the Lambda service VPC.
Answer: C

NO.359 A company s order system sends requests from clients to Amazon EC2 instances The EC2
instances process the orders and men store the orders in a database on Amazon RDS Users report
that they must reprocess orders when the system fails. The company wants a resilient solution that
can process orders automatically it a system outage occurs.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Move (he EC2 Instances into an Auto Scaling group Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon
CloudWatch Events) rule to target an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) task
(B). Move the EC2 instances into an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB)
Update the order system to send messages to the ALB endpoint.
(C). Move the EC2 instances into an Auto Scaling group Configure the order system to send messages
to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue Configure the EC2 instances to consume
messages from the queue
(D). Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic Create an AWS Lambda
function, and subscribe the function to the SNS topic Configure the order system to send messages to
the SNS topic Send a command to the EC2 instances to process the messages by using AWS Systems
Manager Run Command
Answer: C

NO.360 A company runs an Oracle database on premises. As part of the company's migration to
AWS, the company wants to upgrade the database to the most recent available version. The
company also wants to set up disaster recovery (DR) for the database. The company needs to
minimize the operational overhead for normal operations and DR setup. The company also needs to
maintain access to the database's underlying operating system.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
147
Answer: C

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/rds-custom.html and
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/working-with-custom-oracle.html

NO.361 A hospital recently deployed a RESTful API with Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda The
hospital uses API Gateway and Lambda to upload reports that are in PDF format and JPEG format The
hospital needs to modify the Lambda code to identify protected health information (PHI) in the
reports Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Use existing Python libraries to extract the text from the reports and to identify the PHI from the
extracted text.
(B). Use Amazon Textract to extract the text from the reports Use Amazon SageMaker to identify the
PHI from the extracted text.
(C). Use Amazon Textract to extract the text from the reports Use Amazon Comprehend Medical to
identify the PHI from the extracted text
(D). Use Amazon Rekognition to extract the text from the reports Use Amazon Comprehend Medical
to identify the PHI from the extracted text
Answer: C

NO.362 A company's reporting system delivers hundreds of .csv files to an Amazon S3 bucket each
day. The company must convert these files to Apache Parquet format and must store the files in a
transformed data bucket.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort?
(A). Create an Amazon EMR cluster with Apache Spark installed. Write a Spark application to
transform the data. Use EMR File System (EMRFS) to write files to the transformed data bucket.
(B). Create an AWS Glue crawler to discover the data. Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and
load (ETL) job to transform the data. Specify the transformed data bucket in the output step.
(C). Use AWS Batch to create a job definition with Bash syntax to transform the data and output the
data to the transformed data bucket. Use the job definition to submit a job. Specify an array job as
the job type.
(D). Create an AWS Lambda function to transform the data and output the data to the transformed
data bucket. Configure an event notification for the S3 bucket. Specify the Lambda function as the
destination for the event notification.
Answer: B

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/three-aws-glue-etl-job-typesfor-converting-d

NO.363 A company is using a SQL database to store movie data that is publicly accessible. The
database runs on an Amazon RDS Single-AZ DB instance A script runs queries at random intervals
each day to record the number of new movies that have been added to the database. The script must
report a final total during business hours The company's development team notices that the
database performance is inadequate for development tasks when the script is running. A solutions
architect must recommend a solution to resolve this issue. Which solution will meet this requirement
with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Modify the DB instance to be a Multi-AZ deployment
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
148
(B). Create a read replica of the database Configure the script to query only the read replica
(C). Instruct the development team to manually export the entries in the database at the end of each
day
(D). Use Amazon ElastiCache to cache the common queries that the script runs against the database
Answer: B

NO.364 A developer has an application that uses an AWS Lambda function to upload files to Amazon
S3 and needs the required permissions to perform the task The developer already has an IAM user
with valid IAM credentials required for Amazon S3 What should a solutions architect do to grant the
permissions?
(A). Add required IAM permissions in the resource policy of the Lambda function
(B). Create a signed request using the existing IAM credentials n the Lambda function
(C). Create a new IAM user and use the existing IAM credentials in the Lambda function.
(D). Create an IAM execution role with the required permissions and attach the IAM rote to the
Lambda function
Answer: D

NO.365 A company is deploying a new public web application to AWS. The application will run
behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The application needs to be encrypted at the edge with
an SSL/TLS certificate that is issued by an external certificate authority (CA). The certificate must be
rotated each year before the certificate expires.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to issue an SSL/TLS certificate. Apply the certificate to the
ALB.
Use the managed renewal feature to automatically rotate the certificate.
(B). Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to issue an SSL/TLS certificate. Import the key material from
the certificate. Apply the certificate to the ALB. Use the managed renewal feature to automatically
rotate the certificate.
(C). Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) Private Certificate Authority to issue an SSL/TLS certificate
from the root CA. Apply the certificate to the ALB. Use the managed renewal feature to automatically
rotate the certificate.
(D). Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to import an SSL/TLS certificate. Apply the certificate to the
ALB. Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to send a notification when the
certificate is nearing expiration. Rotate the certificate manually.
Answer: D

NO.366 A company wants to restrict access to the content of one of its man web applications and to
protect the content by using authorization techniques available on AWS. The company wants to
implement a serverless architecture end an authentication solution for fewer tian 100 users. The
solution needs to integrate with the main web application and serve web content globally. The
solution must also scale as to company's user base grows while providing lowest login latency
possible.
(A). Use Amazon Cognito tor authentication. Use Lambda#Edge tor authorization Use Amazon
CloudFront
10 serve the web application globally
(B). Use AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory tor authentication Use AWS Lambda for
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
149
authorization Use an Application Load Balancer to serve the web application globally
(C). Usa Amazon Cognito for authentication Use AWS Lambda tor authorization Use Amazon S3
Transfer Acceleration 10 serve the web application globally.
(D). Use AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory for authentication Use Lambda@Edge
for authorization Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to serve the web application.
Answer: A

NO.367 A company needs to retain application logs files for a critical application for 10 years. The
application team regularly accesses logs from the past month for troubleshooting, but logs older than
1 month are rarely accessed. The application generates more than 10 TB of logs per month.
Which storage option meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Store the Iogs in Amazon S3 Use AWS Backup lo move logs more than 1 month old to S3 Glacier
Deep Archive
(B). Store the logs in Amazon S3 Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move logs more than 1 month old to S3
Glacier Deep Archive
(C). Store the logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs Use AWS Backup to move logs more then 1 month old
to S3 Glacier Deep Archive
(D). Store the logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs Use Amazon S3 Lifecycle policies to move logs more
than
1 month old to S3 Glacier Deep Archive
Answer: B

Explanation
You need S3 to be able to archive the logs after one month. Cannot do that with CloudWatch Logs.

NO.368 A company's application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer
(ALB). The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. On
the first day of every month at midnight. The application becomes much slower when the month-end
financial calcualtion bath runs. This causes the CPU utilization of the EC2 instaces to immediately
peak to 100%, which disrupts the application.
What should a solution architect recommend to ensure the application is able to handle the workload
and avoid downtime?
(A). Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution in from of the ALB.
(B). Configure an EC2 Auto Scaling simple scaling policy based on CPU utilization.
(C). Configure an EC2 Auto Scaling scheduled scaling policy based on the monthly schedule.
(D). Configure Amazon ElasticCache to remove some of the workload from tha EC2 instances.
Answer: A

NO.369 A company has a website hosted on AWS. The website is behind an Application Load
Balancer (ALB) that is configured to handle HTTP and HTTPS separately. The company wants to
forward all requests to the website so that the requests will use HTTPS.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?
(A). Update the ALB's network ACL to accept only HTTPS traffic
(B). Create a rule that replaces the HTTP in the URL with HTTPS.
(C). Create a listener rule on the ALB to redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS.
(D). Replace the ALB with a Network Load Balancer configured to use Server Name Indication (SNI).
Answer: C
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
150

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/elb-redirect-http-to-https-using-alb/
How can I redirect HTTP requests to HTTPS using an Application Load Balancer? Last updated: 2020-
10-30 I want to redirect HTTP requests to HTTPS using Application Load Balancer listener rules. How
can I do this?
Resolution Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/elb-redirect-http-to-https-using-alb/

NO.370 A company has a large Microsoft SharePoint deployment running on-premises that requires
Microsoft Windows shared file storage. The company wants to migrate this workload to the AWS
Cloud and is considering various storage options. The storage solution must be highly available and
integrated with Active Directory for access control.
Which solution will satisfy these requirements?
Answer: D

NO.371 A company has a mulli-tier application that runs six front-end web servers in an Amazon EC2
Auto Scaling group in a single Availability Zone behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). A solutions
architect needs lo modify the infrastructure to be highly available without modifying the application.
Which architecture should the solutions architect choose that provides high availability?
(A). Create an Auto Scaling group that uses three Instances across each of tv/o Regions.
(B). Modify the Auto Scaling group to use three instances across each of two Availability Zones.
(C). Create an Auto Scaling template that can be used to quickly create more instances in another
Region.
(D). Change the ALB in front of the Amazon EC2 instances in a round-robin configuration to balance
traffic to the web tier.
Answer: B

Explanation
High availability can be enabled for this architecture quite simply by modifying the existing Auto
Scaling group to use multiple availability zones. The ASG will automatically balance the load so you
don't actually need to specify the instances per AZ.

NO.372 A company wants to measure the effectiveness of its recent marketing campaigns. The
company performs batch processing on csv files of sales data and stores the results an Amazon S3
bucket once every hour. The S3 bi petabytes of objects. The company runs one-time queries in
Amazon Athena to determine which products are most popular on a particular date for a particular
region Queries sometimes fail or take longer than expected to finish.
Which actions should a solutions architect take to improve the query performance and reliability?
(Select TWO.)
(A). Reduce the S3 object sizes to less than 126 MB
(B). Partition the data by date and region n Amazon S3
(C). Store the files as large, single objects in Amazon S3.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
151
(D). Use Amazon Kinosis Data Analytics to run the Queries as pan of the batch processing operation
(E). Use an AWS duo extract, transform, and load (ETL) process to convert the csv files into Apache
Parquet format.
Answer: C,E

NO.373 An IAM user made several configuration changes to AWS resources m their company's
account during a production deployment last week. A solutions architect learned that a couple of
security group rules are not configured as desired. The solutions architect wants to confirm which
IAM user was responsible for making changes.
Which service should the solutions architect use to find the desired information?
(A). Amazon GuardDuty
(B). Amazon Inspector
(C). AWS CloudTrail
(D). AWS Config
Answer: C

NO.374 A company is building a data analysis platform on AWS by using AWS Lake Formation. The
platform will ingest data from different sources such as Amazon S3 and Amazon RDS. The company
needs a secure solution to prevent access to portions of the data that contain sensitive information.
(A). Create an IAM role that includes permissions to access Lake Formation tables.
(B). Create data filters to implement row-level security and cell-level security.
(C). Create an AWS Lambda function that removes sensitive information before Lake Formation
ingests re data.
(D). Create an AWS Lambda function that perodically Queries and removes sensitive information
from Lake Formation tables.
Answer: A

NO.375 A company previously migrated its data warehouse solution to AWS. The company also has
an AWS Direct Connect connection. Corporate office users query the data warehouse using a
visualization tool. The average size of a query returned by the data warehouse is 50 MB and each
webpage sent by the visualization tool is approximately 500 KB. Result sets returned by the data
warehouse are not cached.
Which solution provides the LOWEST data transfer egress cost for the company?
(A). Host the visualization tool on premises and query the data warehouse directly over the internet.
(B). Host the visualization tool in the same AWS Region as the data warehouse. Access it over the
internet.
(C). Host the visualization tool on premises and query the data warehouse directly over a Direct
Connect connection at a location in the same AWS Region.
(D). Host the visualization tool in the same AWS Region as the data warehouse and access it over a
Direct Connect connection at a location in the same Region.
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/directconnect/pricing/
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/aws-data-transfer-prices-reduced/

NO.376 A company has an application that provides marketing services to stores. The services are
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
152
based on previous purchases by store customers. The stores upload transaction data to the company
through SFTP, and the data is processed and analyzed to generate new marketing offers. Some of the
files can exceed 200 GB in size.
Recently, the company discovered that some of the stores have uploaded files that contain
personally identifiable information (PII) that should not have been included. The company wants
administrators to be alerted if PII is shared again. The company also wants to automate remediation.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST development
effort?
(A). Use an Amazon S3 bucket as a secure transfer point. Use Amazon Inspector to scan me objects in
the bucket. If objects contain Pll. trigger an S3 Lifecycle policy to remove the objects that contain Pll.
(B). Use an Amazon S3 bucket as a secure transfer point. Use Amazon Macie to scan the objects in the
bucket. If objects contain Pll. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to trigger a
notification to the administrators to remove the objects mat contain Pll.
(C). Implement custom scanning algorithms in an AWS Lambda function. Trigger the function when
objects are loaded into the bucket. It objects contain Rll. use Amazon Simple Notification Service
(Amazon SNS) to trigger a notification to the administrators to remove the objects that contain Pll.
(D). Implement custom scanning algorithms in an AWS Lambda function. Trigger the function when
objects are loaded into the bucket. If objects contain Pll. use Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon
STS) to trigger a notification to the administrators and trigger on S3 Lifecycle policy to remove the
objects mot contain PII.
Answer: B

NO.377 A company owns an asynchronous API that is used to ingest user requests and, based on the
request type, dispatch requests to the appropriate microservice for processing. The company is using
Amazon API Gateway to deploy the API front end, and an AWS Lambda function that invokes Amazon
DynamoDB to store user requests before dispatching them to the processing microservices.
The company provisioned as much DynamoDB throughput as its budget allows, but the company is
still experiencing availability issues and is losing user requests.
What should a solutions architect do to address this issue without impacting existing users?
(A). Add throttling on the API Gateway with server-side throttling limits.
(B). Use DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) and Lambda to buffer writes to DynamoDB.
(C). Create a secondary index in DynamoDB for the table with the user requests.
(D). Use the Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue and Lambda to buffer writes to
DynamoDB.
Answer: D

Explanation
By using an SQS queue and Lambda, the solutions architect can decouple the API front end from the
processing microservices and improve the overall scalability and availability of the system. The SQS
queue acts as a buffer, allowing the API front end to continue accepting user requests even if the
processing microservices are experiencing high workloads or are temporarily unavailable. The
Lambda function can then retrieve requests from the SQS queue and write them to DynamoDB,
ensuring that all user requests are stored and processed. This approach allows the company to scale
the processing microservices independently from the API front end, ensuring that the API remains
available to users even during periods of high demand.

NO.378 A company is implementing a shared storage solution for a media application that is hosted
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
153
m the AWS Cloud The company needs the ability to use SMB clients to access data The solution must
he fully managed.
Which AWS solution meets these requirements?
(A). Create an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway. Create a file share that uses the required
client protocol Connect the application server to the file share.
(B). Create an AWS Storage Gateway tape gateway Configure (apes to use Amazon S3 Connect the
application server lo the tape gateway
(C). Create an Amazon EC2 Windows instance Install and configure a Windows file share role on the
instance. Connect the application server to the file share.
(D). Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server tile system Attach the fie system to the origin
server.
Connect the application server to the file system
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/lustre/
Amazon FSx has native support for Windows file system features and for the industry-standard Server
Message Block (SMB) protocol to access file storage over a network.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/fsx/latest/WindowsGuide/what-is.html

NO.379 An application runs on Amazon EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones The
instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer The
application performs best when the CPU utilization of the EC2 instances is at or near 40%.
What should a solutions architect do to maintain the desired performance across all instances in the
group?
(A). Use a simple scaling policy to dynamically scale the Auto Scaling group
(B). Use a target tracking policy to dynamically scale the Auto Scaling group
(C). Use an AWS Lambda function to update the desired Auto Scaling group capacity.
(D). Use scheduled scaling actions to scale up and scale down the Auto Scaling group
Answer: B

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/application/userguide/application-auto-scaling-targettracking.html

NO.380 A company deploys an appliation on five Amazon EC2 instances. An Applicatin Load Balancer
(ALB) distributes traffic to the instances by using a target group. The average CPU usage on each of
the insatances is below 10% most of the time. With occasional surges to 65%.
A solution architect needs to implement a solution to automate the scalability of the application. The
solution must optimize the cost of the architecture and must ensure that the application has enough
CPU resources when surges occur.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
154
Answer: B

NO.381 A company recently migrated its web application to AWS by rehosting the application on
Amazon EC2 instances in a single AWS Region. The company wants to redesign its application
architecture to be highly available and fault tolerant. Traffic must reach all running EC2 instances
randomly.
Which combination of steps should the company take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
(A). Create an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy.
(B). Create an Amazon Route 53 weighted routing policy.
(C). Create an Amazon Route 53 multivalue answer routing policy.
(D). Launch three EC2 instances: two instances in one Availability Zone and one instance in another
Availability Zone.
(E). Launch four EC2 instances: two instances in one Availability Zone and two instances in another
Availability Zone.
Answer: C,E

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/multivalue-versus-simple-policies/

NO.382 A company is developing a file-sharing application that will use an Amazon S3 bucket for
storage. The company wants to serve all the files through an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The
company does not want the files to be accessible through direct navigation to the S3 URL.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Write individual policies for each S3 bucket to grant read permission for only CloudFront access.
(B). Create an IAM user. Grant the user read permission to objects in the S3 bucket. Assign the user to
CloudFront.
(C). Write an S3 bucket policy that assigns the CloudFront distribution ID as the Principal and assigns
the target S3 bucket as the Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
(D). Create an origin access identity (OAI). Assign the OAI to the CloudFront distribution. Configure
the S3 bucket permissions so that only the OAI has read permission.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
155
Answer: D

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/cloudfront-access-to-amazon-s3/
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-contentrestricting-access-to-s3

NO.383 A solutions architect needs to design a system to store client case files. The files are core
company assets and are important. The number of files will grow over time.
The files must be simultaneously accessible from multiple application servers that run on Amazon
EC2 instances. The solution must have built-in redundancy.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
(B). Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
(C). Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive
(D). AWS Backup
Answer: A

Explanation
Amazon EFS provides a simple, scalable, fully managed file system that can be simultaneously
accessed from multiple EC2 instances and provides built-in redundancy. It is optimized for multiple
EC2 instances to access the same files, and it is designed to be highly available, durable, and secure. It
can scale up to petabytes of data and can handle thousands of concurrent connections, and is a costeffective solution for storing and accessing large amounts of data.

NO.384 A company is launching an application on AWS. The application uses an Application Load
(ALB) to direct traffic to at least two Amazon EC2 instances in a single target group.
The instances are in an Auto Scaling group for each environment. The company requires a
development and a production environment. The production environment will have periods of high
traffic.
Which solution will configure the development environment MOST cost-effectively?
(A). Reconfigure the target group in the development environment to have one EC2 instance as a
target.
(B). Change the ALB balancing algorithm to least outstanding requests.
(C). Reduce the size of the EC2 instances in both environments.
(D). Reduce the maximum number of EC2 instances in the development environment's Auto Scaling
group
Answer: D

Explanation
This option will configure the development environment in the most cost-effective way as it reduces
the number of instances running in the development environment and therefore reduces the cost of
running the application. The development environment typically requires less resources than the
production environment, and it is unlikely that the development environment will have periods of
high traffic that would require a large number of instances. By reducing the maximum number of
instances in the development environment's Auto Scaling group, the company can save on costs
while still maintaining a functional development environment.

NO.385 A solutions architect is designing a multi-tier application for a company. The application's
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
156
users upload images from a mobile device. The application generates a thumbnail of each image and
returns a message to the user to confirm that the image was uploaded successfully.
The thumbnail generation can take up to 60 seconds, but the company wants to provide a faster
response time to its users to notify them that the original image was received. The solutions architect
must design the application to asynchronously dispatch requests to the different application tiers.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Write a custom AWS Lambda function to generate the thumbnail and alert the user. Use the
image upload process as an event source to invoke the Lambda function.
(B). Create an AWS Step Functions workflow Configure Step Functions to handle the orchestration
between the application tiers and alert the user when thumbnail generation is complete
(C). Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) message queue. As images are uploaded,
place a message on the SQS queue for thumbnail generation. Alert the user through an application
message that the image was received
(D). Create Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification topics and subscriptions
Use one subscription with the application to generate the thumbnail after the image upload is
complete. Use a second subscription to message the user's mobile app by way of a push notification
after thumbnail generation is complete.
Answer: C

NO.386 A solutions architect needs to implement a solution to reduce a company's storage costs. All
the company's data is in the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. The company must keep all data for
at least 25 years. Data from the most recent 2 years must be highly available and immediately
retrievable.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
(A). Set up an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive immediately.
(B). Set up an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 2 years.
(C). Use S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Activate the archiving option to ensure that data is archived in S3
Glacier Deep Archive.
(D). Set up an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One
Zone-IA) immediately and to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 2 years.
Answer: B

NO.387 A company has two applications: a sender application that sends messages with payloads to
be processed and a processing application intended to receive the messages with payloads. The
company wants to implement an AWS service to handle messages between the two applications. The
sender application can send about 1.000 messages each hour. The messages may take up to 2 days to
be processed. If the messages fail to process, they must be retained so that they do not impact the
processing of any remaining messages.
Which solution meets these requirements and is the MOST operationally efficient?
(A). Set up an Amazon EC2 instance running a Redis database. Configure both applications to use the
instance. Store, process, and delete the messages, respectively.
(B). Use an Amazon Kinesis data stream to receive the messages from the sender application.
Integrate the processing application with the Kinesis Client Library (KCL).
(C). Integrate the sender and processor applications with an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon
SQS) queue. Configure a dead-letter queue to collect the messages that failed to process.
(D). Subscribe the processing application to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
157
topic to receive notifications to process. Integrate the sender application to write to the SNS topic.
Answer: C

Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/building-loosely-coupled-scalable-c-applications-withamazon-sqs-and-a
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-dead-letterqueues.html

NO.388 A company's application integrates with multiple software-as-a-service (SaaS) sources for
data collection. The company runs Amazon EC2 instances to receive the data and to upload the data
to an Amazon S3 bucket for analysis. The same EC2 instance that receives and uploads the data also
sends a notification to the user when an upload is complete. The company has noticed slow
application performance and wants to improve the performance as much as possible.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Create an Auto Scaling group so that EC2 instances can scale out. Configure an S3 event
notification to send events to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic when the
upload to the S3 bucket is complete.
(B). Create an Amazon AppFlow flow to transfer data between each SaaS source and the S3 bucket.
Configure an S3 event notification to send events to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon
SNS) topic when the upload to the S3 bucket is complete.
(C). Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule for each SaaS source to send
output data. Configure the S3 bucket as the rule's target. Create a second EventBridge (CloudWatch
Events) rule to send events when the upload to the S3 bucket is complete. Configure an Amazon
Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic as the second rule's target.
(D). Create a Docker container to use instead of an EC2 instance. Host the containerized application
on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Configure Amazon CloudWatch Container
Insights to send events to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic when the
upload to the S3 bucket is complete.
Answer: B

Explanation
Amazon AppFlow is a fully managed integration service that enables you to securely transfer data
between Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) applications like Salesforce, SAP, Zendesk, Slack, and
ServiceNow, and AWS services like Amazon S3 and Amazon Redshift, in just a few clicks.
https://aws.amazon.com/appflow/

NO.389 A company runs a global web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application
Load Balancer The application stores data in Amazon Aurora. The company needs to create a disaster
recovery solution and can tolerate up to 30 minutes of downtime and potential data loss. The
solution does not need to handle the load when the primary infrastructure is healthy What should a
solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Deploy the application with the required infrastructure elements in place Use Amazon Route 53
to configure active-passive failover Create an Aurora Replica in a second AWS Region
(B). Host a scaled-down deployment of the application in a second AWS Region Use Amazon Route 53
to configure active-active failover Create an Aurora Replica in the second Region
(C). Replicate the primary infrastructure in a second AWS Region Use Amazon Route 53 to configure
active-active failover Create an Aurora database that is restored from the latest snapshot
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
158
(D). Back up data with AWS Backup Use the backup to create the required infrastructure in a second
AWS Region Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-passive failover Create an Aurora second
primary instance in the second Region
Answer: A

Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover-types.html

NO.390 A company is hosting a web application on AWS using a single Amazon EC2 instance that
stores user-uploaded documents in an Amazon EBS volume. For better scalability and availability, the
company duplicated the architecture and created a second EC2 instance and EBS volume in another
Availability Zone placing both behind an Application Load Balancer After completing this change,
users reported that, each time they refreshed the website, they could see one subset of their
documents or the other, but never all of the documents at the same time.
What should a solutions architect propose to ensure users see all of their documents at once?
Answer: A

Explanation
Amazon EFS provides file storage in the AWS Cloud. With Amazon EFS, you can create a file system,
mount the file system on an Amazon EC2 instance, and then read and write data to and from your file
system. You can mount an Amazon EFS file system in your VPC, through the Network File System
versions 4.0 and
4.1 (NFSv4) protocol. We recommend using a current generation Linux NFSv4.1 client, such as those
found in the latest Amazon Linux, Redhat, and Ubuntu AMIs, in conjunction with the Amazon EFS
Mount Helper. For instructions, see Using the amazon-efs-utils Tools.
For a list of Amazon EC2 Linux Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) that support this protocol, see NFS
Support. For some AMIs, you'll need to install an NFS client to mount your file system on your
Amazon EC2 instance. For instructions, see Installing the NFS Client.
You can access your Amazon EFS file system concurrently from multiple NFS clients, so applications
that scale beyond a single connection can access a file system. Amazon EC2 instances running in
multiple Availability Zones within the same AWS Region can access the file system, so that many
users can access and share a common data source.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/how-it-works.html#how-it-works-ec2

NO.391 A company recently deployed a new auditing system to centralize information about
operating system versions patching and installed software for Amazon EC2 instances. A solutions
architect must ensure all instances provisioned through EC2 Auto Scaling groups successfully send
reports to the auditing system as soon as they are launched and terminated Which solution achieves
these goals MOST efficiently?
(A). Use a scheduled AWS Lambda function and run a script remotely on all EC2 instances to send
data to the audit system.
(B). Use EC2 Auto Scaling lifecycle hooks to run a custom script to send data to the audit system when
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
159
instances are launched and terminated
(C). Use an EC2 Auto Scaling launch configuration to run a custom script through user data to send
data to the audit system when instances are launched and terminated
(D). Run a custom script on the instance operating system to send data to the audit system Configure
the script to be invoked by the EC2 Auto Scaling group when the instance starts and is terminated
Answer: B

NO.392 A gaming company is designing a highly available architecture. The application runs on a
modified Linux kernel and supports only UDP-based traffic. The company needs the front-end tier to
provide the best possible user experience. That tier must have low latency, route traffic to the
nearest edge location, and provide static IP addresses for entry into the application endpoints.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Configure Amazon Route 53 to forward requests to an Application Load Balancer. Use AWS
Lambda for the application in AWS Application Auto Scaling.
(B). Configure Amazon CloudFront to forward requests to a Network Load Balancer. Use AWS Lambda
for the application in an AWS Application Auto Scaling group.
(C). Configure AWS Global Accelerator to forward requests to a Network Load Balancer. Use Amazon
EC2 instances for the application in an EC2 Auto Scaling group.
(D). Configure Amazon API Gateway to forward requests to an Application Load Balancer. Use
Amazon EC2 instances for the application in an EC2 Auto Scaling group.
Answer: C

NO.393 A solutions architect is implementing a document review application using an Amazon S3
bucket for storage.
The solution must prevent accidental deletion of the documents and ensure that all versions of the
documents are available. Users must be able to download, modify, and upload documents.
Which combination of actions should be taken to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
(A). Enable a read-only bucket ACL.
(B). Enable versioning on the bucket.
(C). Attach an IAM policy to the bucket.
(D). Enable MFA Delete on the bucket.
(E). Encrypt the bucket using AWS KMS.
Answer: B,D

NO.394 Organizers for a global event want to put daily reports online as static HTML pages. The
pages are expected to generate millions of views from users around the world. The files are stored In
an Amazon S3 bucket. A solutions architect has been asked to design an efficient and effective
solution.
Which action should the solutions architect take to accomplish this?
(A). Generate presigned URLs for the files.
(B). Use cross-Region replication to all Regions.
(C). Use the geoproximtty feature of Amazon Route 53.
(D). Use Amazon CloudFront with the S3 bucket as its origin.
Answer: D

NO.395 A company hosts a multiplayer gaming application on AWS. The company wants the
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
160
application to read data with sub-millisecond latency and run one-time queries on historical data.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Use Amazon RDS for data that is frequently accessed. Run a periodic custom script to export the
data to an Amazon S3 bucket.
(B). Store the data directly in an Amazon S3 bucket. Implement an S3 Lifecycle policy to move older
data to S3 Glacier Deep Archive for long-term storage. Run one-time queries on the data in Amazon
S3 by using Amazon Athena
(C). Use Amazon DynamoDB with DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for data that is frequently accessed.
Export the data to an Amazon S3 bucket by using DynamoDB table export. Run one-time queries on
the data in Amazon S3 by using Amazon Athena.
(D). Use Amazon DynamoDB for data that is frequently accessed Turn on streaming to Amazon
Kinesis Data Streams. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to read the data from Kinesis Data Streams.
Store the records in an Amazon S3 bucket.
Answer: C

NO.396 A company needs to keep user transaction data in an Amazon DynamoDB table.
The company must retain the data for 7 years.
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements?
(A). Use DynamoDB point-in-time recovery to back up the table continuously.
(B). Use AWS Backup to create backup schedules and retention policies for the table.
(C). Create an on-demand backup of the table by using the DynamoDB console. Store the backup in
an Amazon S3 bucket. Set an S3 Lifecycle configuration for the S3 bucket.
(D). Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to invoke an AWS Lambda
function. Configure the Lambda function to back up the table and to store the backup in an Amazon
S3 bucket. Set an S3 Lifecycle configuration for the S3 bucket.
Answer: C

NO.397 A company runs an online marketplace web application on AWS. The application serves
hundreds of thousands of users during peak hours. The company needs a scalable, near-real-time
solution to share the details of millions of financial transactions with several other internal
applications Transactions also need to be processed to remove sensitive data before being stored in a
document database for low-latency retrieval.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
(A). Store the transactions data into Amazon DynamoDB Set up a rule in DynamoDB to remove
sensitive data from every transaction upon write Use DynamoDB Streams to share the transactions
data with other applications
(B). Stream the transactions data into Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to store data in Amazon
DynamoDB and Amazon S3 Use AWS Lambda integration with Kinesis Data Firehose to remove
sensitive data.
Other applications can consume the data stored in Amazon S3
(C). Stream the transactions data into Amazon Kinesis Data Streams Use AWS Lambda integration to
remove sensitive data from every transaction and then store the transactions data in Amazon
DynamoDB Other applications can consume the transactions data off the Kinesis data stream.
(D). Store the batched transactions data in Amazon S3 as files. Use AWS Lambda to process every file
and remove sensitive data before updating the files in Amazon S3 The Lambda function then stores
the data in Amazon DynamoDB Other applications can consume transaction files stored in Amazon
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
161
S3.
Answer: C

Explanation
The destination of your Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream. Kinesis Data Firehose can send data
records to various destinations, including Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), Amazon
Redshift, Amazon OpenSearch Service, and any HTTP endpoint that is owned by you or any of your
third-party service providers. The following are the supported destinations:
* Amazon OpenSearch Service
* Amazon S3
* Datadog
* Dynatrace
* Honeycomb
* HTTP Endpoint
* Logic Monitor
* MongoDB Cloud
* New Relic
* Splunk
* Sumo Logic
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/firehose/latest/dev/create-name.html
https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/data-streams/
Amazon Kinesis Data Streams (KDS) is a massively scalable and durable real-time data streaming
service.
KDS can continuously capture gigabytes of data per second from hundreds of thousands of sources
such as website clickstreams, database event streams, financial transactions, social media feeds, IT
logs, and location-tracking events.

NO.398 A company is migrating a Linux-based web server group to AWS. The web servers must
access files in a shared file store for some content. The company must not make any changes to the
application.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Create an Amazon S3 Standard bucket with access to the web servers.
(B). Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an Amazon S3 bucket as the origin.
(C). Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Mount the EFS file system on all
web servers.
(D). Configure a General Purpose SSD (gp3) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Mount
the EBS volume to all web servers.
Answer: C

NO.399 A solutions architect is designing a customer-facing application for a company. The
application's database will have a clearly defined access pattern throughout the year and will have a
variable number of reads and writes that depend on the time of year. The company must retain audit
records for the database for 7 days. The recovery point objective (RPO) must be less than 5 hours.
Which solution meets these requirements?
(A). Use Amazon DynamoDB with auto scaling Use on-demand backups and Amazon DynamoDB
Streams
(B). Use Amazon Redshift. Configure concurrency scaling. Activate audit logging. Perform database
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
162
snapshots every 4 hours.
(C). Use Amazon RDS with Provisioned IOPS Activate the database auditing parameter Perform
database snapshots every 5 hours
(D). Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with auto scaling. Activate the database auditing parameter
Answer: B

NO.400 A security team wants to limit access to specific services or actions in all of the team's AWS
accounts. All accounts belong to a large organization in AWS Organizations. The solution must be
scalable and there must be a single point where permissions can be maintained.
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this?
Answer: D

Explanation
Service control policies (SCPs) are one type of policy that you can use to manage your organization.
SCPs offer central control over the maximum available permissions for all accounts in your
organization, allowing you to ensure your accounts stay within your organization's access control
guidelines. See
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scp.html.

NO.401 An ecommerce company is building a distributed application that involves several serverless
functions and AWS services to complete order-processing tasks. These tasks require manual
approvals as part of the workflow A solutions architect needs to design an architecture for the orderprocessing application The solution must be able to combine multiple AWS Lambda functions into
responsive serverless applications The solution also must orchestrate data and services that run on
Amazon EC2 instances, containers, or on-premises servers Which solution will meet these
requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
(A). Use AWS Step Functions to build the application.
(B). Integrate all the application components in an AWS Glue job
(C). Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to build the application
(D). Use AWS Lambda functions and Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) events to
build the application
Answer: D

NO.402 A company is migrating an application from on-premises servers to Amazon EC2 instances.
As part of the migration design requirements, a solutions architect must implement infrastructure
metric alarms. The company does not need to take action if CPU utilization increases to more than
50% for a short burst of time.
However, if the CPU utilization increases to more than 50% and read IOPS on the disk are high at the
same time, the company needs to act as soon as possible. The solutions architect also must reduce
false alarms.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
(A). Create Amazon CloudWatch composite alarms where possible.
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
163
(B). Create Amazon CloudWatch dashboards to visualize the metrics and react to issues quickly.
(C). Create Amazon CloudWatch Synthetics canaries to monitor the application and raise an alarm.
(D). Create single Amazon CloudWatch metric alarms with multiple metric thresholds where possible.
Answer: A

NO.403 A company wants to migrate an on-premises data center to AWS. The data canter hosts an
SFTP server that stores its data on an NFS-based file system. The server holds 200 GB of data that
needs to be transferred. The server must be hosted on an Amazon EC2 instance that uses an Amazon
Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system When combination of steps should a solutions architect
take to automate this task? (Select TWO )
(A). Launch the EC2 instance into the same Avalability Zone as the EFS fie system
(B). install an AWS DataSync agent m the on-premises data center
(C). Create a secondary Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume on the EC2 instance tor the
data
(D). Manually use an operating system copy command to push the data to the EC2 instance
(E). Use AWS DataSync to create a suitable location configuration for the onprermises SFTP server
Answer: A,B

NO.404 A company has an Amazon S3 bucket that contains critical data. The company must protect
the data from accidental deletion.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose
two.)
(A). Enable versioning on the S3 bucket.
(B). Enable MFA Delete on the S3 bucket.
(C). Create a bucket policy on the S3 bucket.
(D). Enable default encryption on the S3 bucket.
(E). Create a lifecycle policy for the objects in the S3 bucket.
Answer: A,B
